

$d                       000000 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
!!!Module$$Header        000000 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0000c4 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
_Mod$Reloc$Off           000218
_Lib$Reloc$Off           00021c
$d                       000260 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       000288 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       0002dc + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0002e0 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       0003b4 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0003b8 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       00043c + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       000450 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       0004d0 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0004dc + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       00051c + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       000538 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       000638 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       00063c + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
bbc_plot                 00063c + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
ASM$$Code                00063c + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
bbc_modevar              00064c + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
$a                       00065c + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
ASM$$code                00065c + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
DynamicArea_Alloc        00065c + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
DynamicArea_Realloc      0006a4 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
DynamicArea_Free         0006c0 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
MemoryPageSize           0006e0 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
$d                       0006ec + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
rma_code                 0006ec + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
ASM$$code                0006ec + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
$a                       000730 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
$d                       00077c + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
rma_code_end             00077c + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
access_progress_flush    000a2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_redirect_progress 000acc + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_redirect_complete 000b20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_handle_create_sync 000ba8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_handle_free_sync  000c34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_handle_complete   000c44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_load_from_mem     000c5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_file_fetch        000d48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_file_fetch_alarm  000e58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_directory         000eb0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
_Lib$Reloc$Off$DP        000f87
access_file              001000 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_url               001138 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_free_item         001820 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_unlink_and_free   0019b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_link              001a24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_abort_item        001a54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_abort             001b2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_abort_all_items   001b78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_init              001bd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_logon             001c44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_logoff            001c7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_tidyup            001cb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_alarm             001ce4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_reschedule        001cf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_remove            001d5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_header_info   001d60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_header_info   001dd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_handle_info   001e5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_cacheable         001f40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_optimise_cache    001fcc + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_fromcache         001fd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_test_cache        001fe8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_ssl_available     001fec + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_is_scheme_supported 002014 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_progress      0020ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_was_directory     002104 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_ftype         002134 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_can_handle_file_type 002160 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access__update_buffer    002244 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_new_data          0022e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_url_type_and_size 002384 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_callback_info 00253c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_callback_info 002558 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_anchor        002564 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_anchor        00256c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_stream_mode   002584 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_completed_part    0025b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_do_redial         0025d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_redial_alarm      002684 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_mailto            00278c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_ftp_close         002974 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_callback      0029a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_fetch_start   002a34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_fetch         002ab8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_check_pw      002dd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
ftp_redial_retry         002f24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
ftp_resolve_callback     003034 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_new_ftp           0030d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_passwd_callback 003278 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_login         00342c + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp               0034fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_http_close        0037bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_callback     0037ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_fetch_start  0038b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_do_redirect  003c38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_auth_rerequest 003cfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_find_realm   003e80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_passwd_callback 004044 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_fetch_done   004160 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
http_redial_retry        0042a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
http_resolve_callback    0043c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_get_headers       00447c + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_fetch        0044e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_check_pw     004ab0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_new_http          004b98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_tidyup       004cdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_scheme_lookup     004d44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_register_handler 004db0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
remove_def               004df0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_deregister_handler 004e20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_registered 004e3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_new        004e64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_redirect_url 004f7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_load_from_mem 00505c + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_init       0050a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
unknown_mime_type_error  0050a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
duplicate_mime_type_error 0050b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
unknown_file_extension_type_error 0050bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
plugin_reshape_type_error 0050c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
detached_helper_type_error 0050cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
mime_assoc_iterator      0050d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
mime_type_assoc          005100 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_ea_iterator 00514c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_assoc_iterator 005178 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_assoc     0051b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
ensure_plugin_assoc_init 0051f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_prevent_cache 005218 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_thread         00526c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_unthread       00527c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_url_notify 00528c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_destroy 005298 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_destroy_iterator_tell 0053d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_destroy_iterator_donttell 005408 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_call_adaptor_new 005438 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_shrink_buffer  0054c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_add_to_buffer  005508 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_call_write_ready 005578 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_call_write     0055c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_deliver        00566c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_cacheable_progress 0056e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_streaming_progress 005724 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_progress2      0057ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_progress       005854 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_cache_data     005934 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_schedule_delivery_alarm 0059a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_deliver_alarm  0059bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_complete       005a20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_resolve_url    005abc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_create         005ad0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new 005b94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_javascript_url 005ca8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url_post_notify 005cb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url_post 005e28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url_notify 005e6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url 005eac + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_data_get 005ee4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_data_set 005ef8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_url_get 005f00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_mime_type_get 005f08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_size_get 005f10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_last_modified_get 005f28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_notify_data_get 005f30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
helper_find_iterator     005f38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
helper_find              005f64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_mime_type 005fd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_file_extension 0060c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_info 006158 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_default_plugin 0061d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_find_iterator 0061f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_free_iterator 006220 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_mime_type 006240 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_file_extension 0062d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_info 006380 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_unregister_all_iterator 0063f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_all 006420 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
register_default_plugin  006468 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_mime_type_adaptor_class 006510 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
plugin_new_internal      0065ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_new       006648 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin__get_helper 006740 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_helper    006898 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_helper_persist 006914 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_browser_notify_destroy_iterator 0069a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy   0069b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
destroy_helper_fn        006a30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy_document_helpers 006a60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
destroy_helper_by_comparison_fn 006aa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy_helper 006ae4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy_browser_helpers 006b28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_open      006b68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_close     006bbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_reshape   006c08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_request_reshape 006c34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_focus     006c88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_action    006c94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_abort     006ca0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_get_info  006ce8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_create_url_notify_data 006cf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_destroy_url_notify_data 006d34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_load_view_notify      006d6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_cleanup_url    006db0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_url_get   006db4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_url_post  006e70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_is_there_enough_memory 006f48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_dump      006f50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_frontend_action 006f54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
make_suffixes            006f68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_info_iterate 006fb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_init      007058 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
auth_realm_dispose       007074 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_realms_dispose      0070c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_item_dispose        007110 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_items_dispose       007140 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_dispose             00718c + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_forget_realm        0071ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_init_passwords      007260 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_get_type            007280 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_supported           0072d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_add_realm           007300 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_add                 00740c + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_lookup_realm        0074b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_lookup              007508 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_construct_basic     0075c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_lookup_string       00767c + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_allow_dispose       0076dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_allows_dispose      0076e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_test_allow          007718 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_check_allow_deny    0077e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_read_allow_file     00783c + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_init_allow          007954 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_dispose_allow       0079e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_realms_data_size    007a20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_write_realms_data   007ab4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_read_realms_data    007ba8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_write_realms_binary 007cc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_load_file_binary    007d24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_write_realms        007d80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authio.o
auth_load_file           007db0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authio.o
auth_realms_optimise     007dc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authoptimise.o
auth_items_optimise      007ee0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authoptimise.o
auth_optimise            007f8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/authoptimise.o
auth_write_realms_text   007fac + |C$$code| from object file objr/authtextio.o
auth_load_file_text      0081b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authtextio.o
document_get_edges       008328 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_check_pending_reformat 008374 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_find_test_text        008464 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_from_item    0085e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_find             00862c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_item_bbox    008728 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_locate_item  0087dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_handle_url      008828 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_link_click_q     0089b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_link_click       008a60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__doc_click       008a8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_click        008b88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_filedragged      008c90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_item_pos_info    008d14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__item_selection_info 0090b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_item_info        0090d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_link_info        00917c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_is_secure_url    009200 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_info         009230 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_file_info    009368 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_info       009388 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_ensure_font     009434 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_getwebfont      009470 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_size_info  0094b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_file_info  009558 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_defer    00957c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_defer_images     0095a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_stop_animation   009694 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_mark_to_flush  009770 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_flush_image  00979c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_dispose  009908 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_font_dispose   009990 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_data_dispose   0099f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_dispose_doc_contents  009a18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__dispose_doc     009b8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_unlink_doc      009ce4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_dispose_doc      009d28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_update_image_stata    009da8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_update_image_stata 009e98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_update_image_info     009ecc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_screen_changed   00a0ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_view_redraw           00a10c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_dummy_render          00a194 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_render_background 00a1d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_render_rectangle2 00a438 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_render_rectangle 00a588 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_update_item_trim 00a58c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_update_item     00a648 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_tfetch_stream         00a654 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_trigger_fetching 00a738 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_document_reformat_tail 00a80c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_format          00a874 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_set_dimensions        00a8a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_reset_width      00a9b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_goto_fragment    00aa90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_update_image_size     00abd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_alarm_check_reformatted_images 00ac9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_trim_box_from_update 00aca4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_image_change2   00ae88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_image_change    00b2ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_view_visit            00b2bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_init_page       00b378 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_background_change 00b408 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_form_reset      00b560 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_lookup_parser         00b6dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_pparse_doc            00b740 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_doc_fetch_bg          00b878 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
redraw_and_set_alarm     00b9d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
background_redraw_alarm  00ba44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
background_redraw        00ba60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_change   00ba78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_fetch    00bb64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_parser_task           00bc9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_doc_finished          00bf3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_formatter_task        00c174 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_extract_domain_from_url 00c4a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_need_doc_url_fixup    00c500 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_doc_url_fixup         00c584 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_progress2       00c5dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_progress        00cb20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_complete2       00cb70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_complete        00cdcc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_fetch_cancel 00ce04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_abort        00ce90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
notify_doc_aborted       00d100 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_abort_all       00d114 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_view_with_selection 00d288 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_set_flags    00d2c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document      00d3c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_task 00d4a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_alarm_handler 00d4cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_cancel 00d514 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_schedule 00d558 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_open_url         00d574 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_saver_text   00d908 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_saver_sprite 00d980 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_saver_jpeg 00d9c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_key          00da10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_total_images     00dad0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_activate_link    00dafc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_meta_connect 00db5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_check_meta       00db6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_check_meta_merge 00dbf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_free_meta             00dc90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be__plugin_abort_or_action 00dcdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_plugin_action    00dd20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_plugin_info      00ddac + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_mark_page_visited 00ddc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_locate_id        00de4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_item_language 00dfc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_item_lang_name  00dff4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_uncache_image_info 00e008 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_free_task  00e0e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_remove_task 00e10c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_retry_tasks 00e150 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_progress   00e1b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_process_task 00e218 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_complete   00e358 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_task_exists 00e420 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_object     00e44c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_css             00e600 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__css_import_cb  00e608 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__css_restart_cb 00e610 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_init_css        00e644 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_stylesheet      00e6a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_stylesheet_ready 00e740 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_stylesheet_data 00e748 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_stylesheet_cancel 00e79c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_fetch_stylesheet 00e7a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_applet_failed 00e824 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
config2_init             00e868 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_logon            00e8bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_logoff           00e918 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_loggedon         00e950 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_init             00e964 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_tidyup           00e9c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
blacklist_match          00ea00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/blacklist.o
frontend_tidyup          00eabc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_init             00eaec + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_set_client_version 00eb98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_new              00eb9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_destroy          00ec64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_window       00ed28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_back_available 00ed34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_forward_available 00ed70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_always_available 00edac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_cmd_available 00edb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_set_position     00ee20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_back     00f06c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_forward  00f098 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_back_possible 00f0c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_forward_possible 00f0c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_is_scheme_supported 00f0cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
notify_load_view         00f0d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
notify_disposal_document 00f11c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
notify_disposal_view     00f168 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__dispose_fetching_doc 00f1b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__dispose_displaying_doc 00f1e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fetch_started            00f210 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fetch_failed             00f28c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fetch_finished           00f320 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_refresh          00f404 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
count_views              00f4bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_view_count   00f500 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_fullsize_view_count 00f508 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
count_priority_views     00f510 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_find_target           00f540 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
check_recursion          00f5c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_goto_homepage    00f654 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_goto_url         00f66c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
stop_view                00f6d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_stop        00f720 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_stop             00f730 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__view_visit_alarm 00f740 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_open_url_box    00f75c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_open_url        00fe70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_goto_url_target  00fed4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_post_url         00ff00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
delete_if_any_pending    00ffa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_thread     010020 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_unthread   010048 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_is_threaded         010088 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
next_link                0100b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_view_to_index         010124 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_index_to_view         010194 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_win_to_top_level_view 01020c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_win_to_view      010230 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_view    010280 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_view_all 0102c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_leaf_view 010328 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_leaf_view_all 01036c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_top_view 0103b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_top_view_visible 0103e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_top_view_topmost 010458 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_window  0104a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_private_handle 0104a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_private_handle 0104b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_caret_view   0104b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_set_current_view 01050c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_current_view     0105e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
lookup_view_name         0105f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_lookup_view_name 010790 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
flags_to_direction       010798 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
direction_to_flags       0107cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
base_highlight_flags     0107e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
centre_pointer           010864 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_view_for_focus       0108c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
should_we_move_highlight 010908 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_redraw  010950 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_click   0109ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_remove  0109dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_open    0109ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_close   010af8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe__locate_view_by_position 010b08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_locate_view_by_position 010c78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_locate_view_by_direction 010d30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
change_view_links        010ef0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_frame_navigate        010f38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
move_focus_to_ui         011170 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
move_highlight_from_box  0111dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe__move_highlight_xy    0112ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_check_link_info  011524 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_check_link       01159c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_move_highlight_xy     011620 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_move_highlight        011624 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_move_linear           01170c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_activate_highlight    0117f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_blur                0118c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_scroll              01191c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
pagescroll_amt           011a20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_current_view_if_frameset 011a30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
page_scroll              011a78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_max_dx              011ae8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_max_dy              011b14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
switch_window            011b44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
kill_window              011c14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_event_call       011c64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_set_key_map      012084 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_key_map      012090 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_lookup_key_map   0120b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
accesskey_modifier_applies 0120e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_key                 012178 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_caret      012324 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_note_focus_gained   012410 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_note_focus_lost     012454 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_has_caret  012490 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_close_view      0124ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_close_unlink_view 0125ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_doc_disposal_warning 0126b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_bounds     01270c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_set_dimensions 012774 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__collate_security_info 0127e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_security_info        012894 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_do_security_callbacks 0128f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_dispose_view_children 012954 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_ensure_highlight      01299c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
children__update_state   012a58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
children_update_state    012a78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_visit      012a94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_takecaret        012e80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_takecaret   012ec8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_ensure_visible 012f28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_ensure_visible_full 012f5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_images_message        0130f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
add_progress             013380 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
accumulate_progress_to_root 0133f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
display_pending_message  01346c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
have_view_and_children_finished 0134dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
check_finished           013514 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
trigger_finished         013578 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_status     0135a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_convert_fetch_type 013f1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_fetch_started 013f24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_fetch_finished 013f84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_update     013fe4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_redraw     014034 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_get_dimensions 0140d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_fpd_dispose     014148 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_authenticate_callback 0141c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_password_callback 01422c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_name_and_password_callback 01424c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_password_task   01426c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_name_and_password_task 0142cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_passwd_raise    01432c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_passwd_dispose  01450c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_complain        014510 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_fatal_error     01458c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwin_redraw           01459c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwin_click            0145c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwin_focus            014754 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
create_rootwin           0147a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_redraw              014834 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_drag                014848 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_click               01499c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_click_logical       014c68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
mousemove_actions        014cf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_check_autoscroll    014f00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_mousemove           014f98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_focus               0150ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__new_view       0150f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_new_view        0153b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_new_rootview    0153e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_new_toplevel_view 015420 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_margins    015474 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_url_punt        0155a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_saver_last_name 015758 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_frame_resize          01575c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_frame_layout    0157ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_can_handle_file_type 015970 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_js_disable  015984 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_get_browser 015988 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_pointer_set_position 015990 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
savedoc                  015a34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
connection_cb            015a3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_interface_state 015a50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
cert_callback            015aa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_current_url_list 015c80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_move_recent_index 015cd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_recent_history 015d00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_move_recent_history 015d30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_goto_history 015d58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_history 015dac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_flags   015db0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_info    015de8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_get_info     015ee4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_lookup_meta  015fc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_lookup_id    015fec + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_submit_form  015ff0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_locate_item  015ff4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_item_get_info    0160a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_item_activate    016204 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_link_get_info    01620c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_highlight 016228 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_highlight 0162b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_position 016308 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_print        016444 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_flush            016470 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_flags   01655c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_plugin_action 016604 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
optimise_view_memory_use 016644 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_top_level_box        016688 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
is_box_repositionable    0166c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
overlay_base_space       0167f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
browser_overlay_find_space 016888 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
browser_overlay_find_space_full 0168c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
browser_overlay_claim_space 016a50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
parse_content_type_header 017774 + |C$$code| from object file objr/brunicode.o
make_filepath            0177ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
check_save_id_unique     01783c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_store          017894 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_dispose        017a0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_load           017a98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_unload         017af0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_init_file      017af8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_init           017bec + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_setmirror          017d64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_init_disk          017d68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_init               017de4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
tidyup                   017e24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_tidyup             017ef8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__allocate          017f0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
item_to_index            017f5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
item_from_index          017f98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__unlink            017fec + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__link              018064 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__oldest_not_locked 0180c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__kick_item         018120 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__kick              0181b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__findunused        0181f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__expand            0182e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__toitem            018348 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__put               018418 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_put                018580 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_puttofile          018600 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__lookup_item       01860c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__find              0186c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_find               018750 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_lose               018790 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_findtofile         018814 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_setinfo            01881c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_getinfo            018820 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_getanchor          018848 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_getfilename        018860 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_remove_from_one_cache 018868 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_remove             0188d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_note_file_removed  018908 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_test               018a50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_optimise_block     018a9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_optimise_cache     018b6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_optimise           018bb0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_flush_ram          018bc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_flush_disk         018bc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_panic              018bf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
colspan_bias             018bfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_init_from_leftmost 018ce4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_bitset 018d34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_set 018d88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_copy 018ddc + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_lt_copy 018e3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_upwards 018ea4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_downwards 018f1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_halve 018f94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_double 018ff4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_scale 019050 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_sum_columns      0190b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_bitclr 019100 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_lt_copy 019184 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_copy 01922c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_set  0192c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_halve 019344 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_double 0193e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_scale 019474 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_free_structure   019578 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
new_group                0195f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
init_group               019670 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
init_column              019830 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_init_structure1  0199d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
set_nocons_horiz         019b9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
set_nocons_vert          019c34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
set_nocons               019cac + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_do_the_stomping  019cc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
have_contradictions      019ec4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_init_structure   019f98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
sharing_pass             019ff0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
share_raw_abs_pct        01a138 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
reflect_into_table       01a268 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
reflect_percentages      01a640 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_share_extra_space 01a7b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
cookie_get_time          01aa68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
strip_port_from_domain   01aacc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_free              01ab18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_unlink_and_free   01ab58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_check_expiry_domain 01abb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
find_domain              01ac58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
tail_compare             01acb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
get_null_domain          01ad5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
get_domain_and_path      01adac + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_add               01af3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_received_header   01b1ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
browser_set_cookie       01b358 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_add_headers       01b3b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_free_headers      01b66c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_init              01b6a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_dispose_all       01b6a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
extract_host_and_port    01b708 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_domain_size       01b790 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_item_size         01b7b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_data_size         01b7f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_compare_used_date 01b8a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_data_size_limited 01b8c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_marked_data 01ba1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_data        01bb7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_binary_file 01bbac + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_read_binary_file  01bc00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_read_data         01bc58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_file        01bf24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieio.o
cookie_read_file         01bf40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieio.o
cookie_optimise_domain   01bf58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieoptimise.o
cookie_optimise          01c000 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieoptimise.o
extract_port             01c094 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
cookie_read_line         01c0e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
cookie_write_text_file   01c234 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
cookie_read_text_file    01c424 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
share_to_abs_in_span     01c528 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_to_max_in_span     01c604 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_to_unused_in_span  01c6e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_to_uncon_in_span   01c7a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_in_span            01c870 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
cs_share_in_spans        01c948 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
colspan_algorithmLR      01cae0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs2.o
colspan_algorithmRL      01cb78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs2.o
colspan_algorithm        01cc0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs2.o
found_connection         01cc9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
csg_connected_components 01cdfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
find_connected_components 01ce34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
same_connected_component 01cf14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
csg_find_abs_floaters    01cf94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
dir2html                 01cf9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/dir2html.o
rid_scan_not_floating_tables 01d54c + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect__updateitems   01d5b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect__setselect     01d6ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect_modify         01d7bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect_clear          01d9b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
format_width_checking_assertions 01da60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
basic_size_stream        01da90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_raw_minwidth        01dc58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_raw_maxwidth        01dcd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_abs_minwidth        01dd44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_abs_maxwidth        01de44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
largest_implied_table_width 01df8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
normalise_percentages    01e0bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_pct_minwidth        01e460 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_pct_maxwidth        01e4bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_rel_minwidth        01e538 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_rel_maxwidth        01e580 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
recurse_nuke_constraints 01e5c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
basic_size_table         01e6ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
allocate_widths_table    01e930 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
allocate_widths_stream   01e9f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
allocate_widths          01eb10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
recurse_format_table     01eb3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
recurse_format_stream    01edbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_start             01ee54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_restart           01eeac + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_continue          01ef04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_stop              01f158 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_is_formatting     01f184 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
opposite_side            01f194 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
direction_flags_to_side  01f1c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
side_to_direction_flags  01f1fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
scroll_by_flags          01f230 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
find_closest_frame_link  01f278 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
get_link_pos             01f3a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_array__build  01f3fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_array_build   01f644 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_array_free    01f6d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
link_selected            01f720 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_move          01f76c + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_activate      01f8b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_selected      01f8f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_get_box       01f920 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_clear         01f980 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
redraw_link              01f9cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_clear_all     01fa64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_redraw        01fa90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_redraw_all    01fad8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frontend_view_get_dividers 01fb04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
draw_frame_links         01fb7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frameutils_iterate_all   01fc20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_iterate       01fc98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_iterate_post_all 01fcec + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_iterate_post  01fd68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_find_top      01fdb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_check_resize  01fddc + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_resizable     01fe8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
start_animating_spacer   01ff10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
spacer_redrawfn          01ffec + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_resize_drag   020088 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_done_resize   020144 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_specifier_create 0201b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_specifier_decode 020224 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
reload__view             0202b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
invalidate_view          0203a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
reformat_view            0203fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
reload_view              020424 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
refetch_view             020430 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_name       02043c + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_set_name   020444 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_parent     020478 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_children   020480 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_next       020488 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_fetching   020490 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_displaying 020498 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_get_window 0204a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_frameset         0204a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_frame            0204cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_leaf             02051c + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_toplevel         020540 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_iframe           020554 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_childless        020564 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_ancestor_of      020578 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_can_close_window    0205a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
gbf_active               0205f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/gbf.o
gbf_init                 02060c + |C$$code| from object file objr/gbf.o
highlight_boundary_build 020610 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_boundary_clear 020614 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
get_colour_text          020618 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_render_outline 020658 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
render_border            020760 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_update_border  020780 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
build_hl_win_box         02093c + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_offset_border  0209a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
redraw_hl                020a44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_render         020b24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
draw_partial_box         020cfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
last_line_of_link        020db0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_draw_text_box  020df8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
fe_empty_hist_item       021070 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
fe_free_hist_item        0210d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_truncate         0210fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
find_entry               021160 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
fe_init_hist_item        0211d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_replace          02126c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_add              0212c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_item         0213a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_url          021404 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_possible         02142c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_set_fetching_data 021454 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move             021490 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move_to          021568 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move_recent_index 0215f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move_recent_steps 021618 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_dispose          021670 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_visit            0216bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
locate_item              0217b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
count_sections           021818 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
compare_specifiers       021844 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_write_scroll     0218dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_update_current_state 02192c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_update_title     021a7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_lookup_specifier 021ae0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_restore_scroll   021b38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_test             021b9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
copy_history_info        021bf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_current_url_list 021c6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_next         021db8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
fragment_parse           021e20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
check_frag_list          021e84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global_free_item      021ecc + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global_remove_oldest  021f3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global__add           021fac + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_add       02219c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global__find_url      022224 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_find_url  0222b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_init      022308 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_dispose   02230c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global_lookup_index   022354 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
browser_get_global_url_list 022380 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
browser_get_global_url_list_count 02242c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
browser_get_global_history 022440 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_move_alpha_index 0224c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_update_title 022504 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_optimise         022568 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_optimise.o
fe_global_frag_optimise_list 022668 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_optimise.o
history_global_optimise  0226e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_optimise.o
inside_rect              02278c + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
inside_circle            0227f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
inside_polygon           022824 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_find_area       0229fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_find_map        022b08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
render_circle_border     022b98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_draw_area       022c24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_check_all_images 022f78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
render_crosshair         022f80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
crosshair_area           02300c + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
change_step_speed        0230a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
check_move               023114 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_move           02317c + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_get_pos        023294 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_render_overlay 0232b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_init           0232c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_find_center_area 0232e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_select_area    023408 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_get_box_area   023588 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_key            0238d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
image_alloc_minimal      023cec + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_generate_update_for_image 023da4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_callback_for_uic_animation 023da8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_uic_animation_is_setup 023dbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_update_uic_frame   023dc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_set_suspend        023e94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_suspend_all_except 023ea0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_kill_all_animations 023f10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animate_from_uic   023f6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
findsprite               0242e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
set_sprite_name          024310 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_strdup             024340 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_alloc              024380 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_flex_alloc         0243c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fetching_dec             024440 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fetching_inc             024474 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
free_pt                  0244a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
free_area                0244e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
free_data_area           024514 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fillin_scales            024548 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_put_bytes          0245a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_seek_fn            0246f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_rec_fn             024704 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_thread_start       02497c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_thread_process     024a24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_thread_end         024b5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
set_default_image        024b80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_set_error          024c00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_issue_callbacks    024c4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_progress2          024ce0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_progress           024ef8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_completed          024f98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_init               0251e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_tidyup             025228 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_uncache_info       0252a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_palette_change     025300 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_defer              025344 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_fetch_next         02535c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_type_test          02549c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
find_area_and_info       0254dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_find_icontype      025570 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_find               0257ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stream             025b98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stream_data        025d0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stream_end         025d94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_dispose_callbacks  025e9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_loose              025f18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_dispose_image_for_uic 0260d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_trim_animation     0260f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_memory_panic       0261a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_flush              026300 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_mark_to_flush      0264c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_flush_marked       026508 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_data_size          02656c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_file_info          0265c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_info_frame         0265f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_info               026778 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
im_gcf                   0268f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_reduce_scales      026928 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fixup_scale              0269e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
check_scaling            026a34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_default_image      026acc + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
cceil                    026c3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
build_mode_number        026c50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
get_mode_number          026c60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_size_needed        026ce4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_get_sprite_ptr     026d5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_clear_mask         026dd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_clear_cache 026e4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_init_cache_sprite  026e58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_get_trans          027008 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
int_sqr                  0272c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
get_cached_image_size    02730c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_plot_to_cache      027478 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_build_cache_tile_sprite 02780c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image__render            027930 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_drawfile_render    027bd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_jpeg_render        027cac + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_sprite_render      027d94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_render             027e9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_tile               027f5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_get_scales         0282a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_os_to_pixels       0282ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_ave_col_n          028390 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_average_colour     0285c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_sprite_save_as_sprite 0286b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_save_as_sprite     028700 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_preferred_save_filetype 028750 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_save_as_jpeg       02876c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_need_mask 0287b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_init_cache 02881c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_render_frame 0288f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_render_background 028b24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_render   028be0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stop_animation     028d2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_alarm    028d40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_startup_animation  029010 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_suspend_animation  029104 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_kill_animation     029114 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
item_to_descriptor_index 029124 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
selection_to_item        029160 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
descriptor_to_item       029180 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
aref_union_box           029190 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
directed_aref_box        029208 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_item_onscreen         0292ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
tabindex_nohl            029320 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
match_item               029334 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_flush_selection_list 029578 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
item_tabindex            0295b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
comp_descr               029654 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
sort_selection_list      0296b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_build_selection_list 0296c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
link_scan_distances      029858 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
selection_items_equal    0299ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_highlight_scan_xy 029a00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_highlight_scan_link 029b98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
scan_links_2D            029c48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
scan_links_linear        029d18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
adjust_flag              029ef0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_update_item_highlight 029f3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_text        02a01c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_object      02a024 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_select      02a0a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_input       02a0c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_item        02a0d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_label       02a1a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_highlight_link_xy 02a218 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_highlight_link   02a588 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_update_link           02a594 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_update_link_activate 02a6dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_default_caret   02a78c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_doc_cursor       02a7e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_doc_read_caret        02a8b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_item_has_caret        02a8e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_set_highlight    02a90c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_highlight_is_persistent 02aa10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_set_caret        02aa30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_update_focus     02ab00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_remove_highlight 02ab74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_read_highlight   02ac1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_is_selected      02ac64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
match_image_area_accesskey 02ace4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
ak_highlight_input       02ad68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
activate_first_form_element_in_stream 02adc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
activate_first_input_element_in_list 02ae3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_match_accesskey 02aea8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_get_frame_size        02b114 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_build_frame_sizes 02b178 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
fix_frame_sizes          02b310 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_init              02b3e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
be_frame_layout_1        02b3ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
set_spacing_flags_frame  02b994 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
set_spacing_flags        02ba6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_layout            02bab0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_free_spacing_list 02bcdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_frame_resize      02bd1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_render_bevels     02bea8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout__write_table      02bf9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout_describe.o
layout_write_table       02c2ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout_describe.o
browser_view_layout_describe 02c374 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout_describe.o
center_and_right_align_adjustments 02c3c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fmt_checkpoint           02c590 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
dispose_pos_list         02c688 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
new_pos_item             02c6b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
item_size_known          02c718 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
get_ubs_width            02c8b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
no_text_line             02c940 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
no_unbreakable           02c954 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
floating_item_fits       02c970 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
attach_float_at_end      02c978 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
position_floating_item   02c9ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
attach_new_floaters      02cb24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
create_new_text_line     02cc0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
excess_left_margin_due_to_floaters 02cc30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
excess_right_margin_due_to_floaters 02cc84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
left_float_margin        02cce4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
right_float_margin       02cd28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
set_margins_from_item    02cd84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
set_text_margin_info     02ce1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
no_text_margin_info      02ceec + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
one_word_override        02cf0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
unbreakable_sequence_fits 02cf70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
find_widest_info         02d198 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fracture_float_line      02d280 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fracture_copy_left       02d324 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fracture_copy_right      02d3cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
consider_fracturing_float_line 02d474 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
close_down_current_line  02d5c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
line_has_other_than_nonbreak_scaff 02d910 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
append_unbreakable_sequence 02d970 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
deal_with_unbreakable_sequence 02da60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
ubs_only_nonbreak_scaff  02db04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
next_nonfloating_item    02db74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
next_floating_item       02dbc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
perform_clearing         02dc20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
formatting_start         02dd80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
formatting_stop          02e114 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
formatting_loop          02e29c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_stream            02e340 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_attach_header     02e3cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_attach_stream     02e3d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
stomp_table              02e3e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
stomp_stream             02e460 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
entry_fixes_table        02e4ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
only_whitespace          02e514 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
scaffold_check           02e550 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
entry_fixes_stream       02e640 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_precondition      02e6ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
exit_fixes_table         02e6b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
exit_fixes_stream        02e714 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_postcondition     02e760 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
backend_panic            02e764 + |C$$code| from object file objr/mempanic.o
mm_error                 02e7f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/mempanic.o
object_defer_defers_to   02e860 + |C$$code| from object file objr/object.o
objects_type_test        02e894 + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
objects_set_position     02e91c + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
check_move               02eaf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
objects_check_movement   02ebac + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
objects_resize           02ebcc + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
obreak_get_sizes         02ec00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
obreak_size              02ecc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
opbreak_size             02ed00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
obreak_redraw            02ed28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
obreak_astext            02ee30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
roman_one_five_ten       02ee90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
roman_numeral            02ef44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
char_bullet              02f028 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
write_symbol             02f090 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_string           02f0d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
getbasefont              02f244 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_size             02f248 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_redraw           02f334 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_astext           02f440 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
oimage_size_alt_text     02f4c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_size_image        02f674 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_fetch_image       02f804 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_flush_image       02f95c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_render_text       02f9b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_render_border     02fa9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_decode_align      02fbd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_handle_usemap     02fcd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_renderable        02fd6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_size_allocate     02fe14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_size              030018 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_highlight  03003c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_image      0300a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_border     030120 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_imagemap   030178 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw            030210 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_dispose           0303ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_click             030444 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_astext            0305fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_get_size          03062c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_caret_blur        030660 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_caret_focus       0306f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_caret             0307ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_key               0308bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_image_handle      030960 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_update_highlight  0309e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
get_value                030a80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_renderable       030ad8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_size_allocate    030b84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_size             030ff8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_redraw           031020 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_dispose          0313b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_get_size         031424 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_caret_frame      031490 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_caret_image      031524 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_caret            031610 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_key              03167c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_click            031748 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_image_handle     031908 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_astext           0319c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_asdraw           031a14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_position         031a3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
button_text              031b28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
button_border_x          031b84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
button_border_y          031bb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
text_displayable_width   031be0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_image_renderable  031c18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
set_text_colours         031c8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
textpeercb               031d10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__ensure_textpeer  031d7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_size_allocate     031e28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_size              032528 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_redraw__button_colours 03253c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_redraw__button_plinth 032598 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_redraw            032658 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_dispose           032df8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
setradio                 032ecc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__image_click      032f6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__check_click      0330e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__radio_click      033128 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__submit_click     03317c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__button_click     033240 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__reset_click      033280 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_click             0332e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_set_text          033438 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_set_value         0334c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_set_checkbox      03351c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_astext            033574 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_submit            03371c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_caret             033880 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_key               0339fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_image_handle      033b10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_update_data       033c3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_update_highlight  033cac + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_filedragged       033db0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_position          033e2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
obutton_redraw           033f0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
obutton_size             033f10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_button_size 033f14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_button_redraw 033fc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_button_bgcolour 03402c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_fieldset_redraw 03407c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ofieldset.o
oscaff_size              0340d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
oscaff_redraw            0340f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
oscaff_astext            0340fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
oscaff_asdraw            034100 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
set_colours              034104 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
selectpeercb             034258 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_writedata        03430c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_setselectedindex 034390 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_unsetselectedindex 034414 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_reset            034458 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect__resync_selectpeer 034488 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_size             034618 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_redraw           0346a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_dispose          034754 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_set_option       034760 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_delete_option    034968 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_get_num_options  034a30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_click            034a40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_astext           034a70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_caret            034a90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_update_highlight 034ad8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_update_data      034b84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_position         034bf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
ospacer_size             034c58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ospacer.o
ospacer_redraw           034cbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ospacer.o
otable_size              034cc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
table_first_visible_cell 034cc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otable_redraw            034d80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otable_dispose           03577c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otable_astext            0358a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otext_size               035960 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
draw_line                035aa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext__decorations       035b28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext_redraw             035c58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext_astext             036024 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext_update_highlight   036074 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otextarea_set_style      036104 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
useable_columns          036218 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
set_colours              036260 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_cb             0362e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_size           036390 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_redraw         03655c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_dispose        036674 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_click          036680 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_astext         036688 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_caret          0366a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_key            036708 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_filedragged    036710 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_set_text       036718 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_get_text       036730 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_update_highlight 036744 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_reset          03678c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_position       0367d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
reformat_doc             03686c + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_old_render_page      03694c + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_free_pages           036a30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_paginate             036a80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_check_pages          036ba0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_start_job            036bd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_end_job              036f40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_render_page          037060 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_print_document       0372a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_init                 037430 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_abort                03743c + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
profile_init             037480 + |C$$code| from object file objr/profile.o
profile_report           037484 + |C$$code| from object file objr/profile.o
draw_cornerBR            037488 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
draw_cornerLT            03752c + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_plinth            0375d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_plinth_full       037634 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_plinth_from_list  0377b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_get_colour        037848 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_set_colour        037ab8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_set_font_colours  037ae0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render__text_link_colour 037b28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_link_colour       037bfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_text_link_colour  037c54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_background        037c5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_caret_colour      037cd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_text              037d64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_text_full         037da8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_background_image  037e04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_background_css    037fa0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
rid_get_clearing         038190 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_floating         0381b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_webfont          0381dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_old_webfont      038378 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_frame           0384a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_area            03852c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_map             038570 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_pos_term        0385b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_pos             0386b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_pos_tree        038738 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_object          038810 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_text            0388b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_aref            038964 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_select_options  0389d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_fieldset        038a20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_form_elements   038a4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_form            038b10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_table_props     038b84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_colgroup        038bc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_colhdr          038c08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_rowgroup        038c4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_rowhdr          038c90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_caption         038cd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_table           038d20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free                 039090 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_frame_connect        039134 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_area_item_connect    039158 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_scaff_item_push      039178 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_spacer_item_push     0391f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_consider_text_indent 039268 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_item_should_highlight 03929c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_text_item_should_highlight 0392cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_pseudo_class     039304 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_text_item_connect    0393dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_pos_item_connect     039438 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_item_connect    039464 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_image_item_connect   039490 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_form_item_connect    0394b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_form_element_connect 0394dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_option_item_connect  0395b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_outermost_item       0395f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_if_table 039644 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_first_in_caption 039664 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_first_in_table 039694 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_items_parent 039698 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_after_table 0396f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_cell_after 039718 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_parent_prev 039784 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_tables_caption 0397d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_cell_before 039820 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_if_table 0398ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback                 0398d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse          039994 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse         0399c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_scan                 039a00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_zero_widest_height_from_item 039aec + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_zero_widest_height   039b8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_clone_pos_list       039ba8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_get_document    039c68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_get_links_index 039c88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_image_get_index      039cdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
foreach_rid_props        039d0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
stream_table_locate_item 039f18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_find_item_at_location 03a144 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_find_item_location 03a464 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_render_textitem_bg 03a698 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_render            03a7e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_iterate_box       03adfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_write_as_text     03aff0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
be_ensure_buffer_space   03b12c + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
submit_fn                03b188 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
append_encoded_n         03b214 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
append_encoded           03b2b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
append_ascii             03b308 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_encoded_n          03b354 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_encoded            03b3ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_char               03b434 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
otextarea_write          03b498 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_append_query    03b528 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_append_textarea 03b5ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_mime_separator1    03b634 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_mime_separator     03b7ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_write_query     03b894 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_write_textarea  03b988 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_file               03ba70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
backend_submit_form      03bba0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
get_x_image_name         03bc10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
submit_image_write       03bc70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
submit_image_append      03bd68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_submit_form     03be40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_submit_form_extended 03be48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
table_ensure_arraysize   03c6d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
table_caption_stream_origin 03c720 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
table_cell_stream_origin 03c774 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
rid_next_root_cell       03c838 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
rid_prev_root_cell       03c8b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
floating_table_format_alert_begin 03c924 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
floating_table_format_alert_finish 03c93c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
parse_table_props        03c968 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
replicate_tabprops       03cb64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
copy_table_properties    03cbe4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
set_column_flags         03cce4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_colhdr           03cd1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_colgroup         03cd6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_rowgroup         03cdc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
copy_colhdr_tabprops     03ce18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_retro_col            03ce88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_row              03d038 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
do_tfoot_swapping        03d2bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_col_fixed          03d498 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_col_growing        03d514 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
restrain_rowspan_cells   03d64c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
tidy_table               03d6e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
rid_get_tabprop          03d6e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
find_empty_cell_this_line 03d974 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
find_empty_cell          03da18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttable               03dab8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtable              03e11c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcaption             03e2ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishcaption            03e430 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcolgroupsection     03e498 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishcolgroupsection    03e4e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcolgroup            03e5a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishcolgroup           03e73c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcol                 03e88c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_headfootbody       03eb68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startthead               03ec5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttfoot               03ecb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttbody               03ed20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishthead              03ed7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtfoot              03edac + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtbody              03ee20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttr                  03ee50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtr                 03efb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
pre_thtd_warning         03efb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
handle_table_inheritance 03f018 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_tdth               03f0e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttd                  03f8d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startth                  03f8d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
strip_trailing_stuff     03f8dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finish_thtd              03f910 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishth                 03f9d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtd                 03f9d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
url_leaf_name            03f9d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_host_name            03fb9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_chars         03fc3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_url           03fcfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
issafe                   03fda0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_cat           03fe08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_cat_n         03fe10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_to_flexfile_n 03ff00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_to_flexfile   03ffa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unescape_cat_n       03ffac + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unescape_cat         0400f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unescape             040114 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_sanitise             040160 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url__unicode_fixup       040374 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_fixup        040470 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_fixup_needed 040480 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_fixup_and_escape 040490 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
reencode_fn              040498 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_reencode     040510 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
ua_expand                0405d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_ua_name           040680 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_version           040694 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_version_init      0406a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_set_client_version 0406d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
plugin_check_valid       0406e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_add_valid         040724 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_remove_valid      040768 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_check_valid       0407d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_destroy_by_plugin 040818 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_add_valid         04085c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_remove_valid      0408a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
ANT_to_RISC_OS_reason    040918 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_accept_filetype   040940 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
static_riscos_start_task 040a14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
static_riscos_plugin_start_task 040b28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
static_riscos_message_send 040b98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
write_padding            040bd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_message      040c10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
convert_valuetype        040c68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
put_string_fn            040cb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
count_string_fn          040cdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
put_string               040cf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
count_string             040d44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_record 040dac + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_numeric 040ee4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_string 040f94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_url 040fc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
fillin_stream            040ff0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
get_ro_win_from_doc      041040 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_open         041064 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_reshape      04117c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_close        041274 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_focus        0412f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_action       04136c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_abort        0413e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
send_new_stream_alarm    04144c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_new   0414b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_destroy 041550 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_completed_notification 0415e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_write 0416ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_as_file 041720 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_stream_terminate  0417a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_file 041998 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
remove_parameter_file    041c94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_new               041cdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_helper            041e24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
dataopen_new             041f6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_destroy           041ff0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_get_info          042090 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_opening_handler 042120 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_access_url_handler 042360 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_closed_handler 042594 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_new_handler 042608 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_destroy_handler 0426cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_write_handler 042718 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_written_handler 042748 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_reshape_request_handler 04280c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_unlock_handler 042868 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_status_handler 042898 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_focus_handler 04290c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_busy_handler 042954 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_EACK_open_handler 0429e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_EACK_new_stream_handler 042b24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_data_open_bounce  042b74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_EACK_handler      042c18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_register_mime_type 042d60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_new        042d68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_helper_new 042df0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_destroy    042ef4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_open       042f48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_close      042f50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_reshape    042f7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_focus      042fa0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_action     042fc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_abort      042fe8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_get_info   04300c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_is_there_enough_memory 043014 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_new 0430ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_destroy 043324 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_write_ready 0433b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_write 043400 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
register_mimetypes_against_var 043530 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
register_pace_plugin_mimetypes 043694 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
register_pace_plugin_protocol 04370c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
deregister_pace_plugin_protocol 0438e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
ridprops_trace_use       043a64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops__free           043aa0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_trace_free_unused 043ae4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_trace_release   043af4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_duplicate       043b10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_inherit         043be0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_clear_inherited 043d18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_partial_inherit 043dc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_restructure     04430c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_identical       04487c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops__recycle        044a80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_font_size        044ae8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_font_size_px     044b2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_font_style       044c00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_props_lookup_typefaces 044c54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_fixed_to_font    044cd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_bold_to_font     044d24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_weight_to_font   044d58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_style_to_font    044d90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_decoration_to_font 044dd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_dir              044ee8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_dir_rtl     044f1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_floating         044f34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_clearing         044f88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_halign           044fdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_std_align        045030 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_valign      045080 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_get_valign      0450d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_indent      0450f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_get_lheight     045174 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_colourno         0451ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_bgcolour         045270 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_clear_fg_colour      045300 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_fg_colour        04531c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_bg_colour        045344 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_bg_image         0453bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_link_colour      045444 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_vlink_colour     04546c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_alink_colour     045494 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_font_family      0454bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_bump_current_lmargin 04552c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_lmargin          045584 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_lmargin          0455d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_bump_current_rmargin 0455fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_rmargin          045654 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_rmargin          0456a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_halign           0456bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_lang             0456d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_lang_num    045734 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_bullet      04574c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_inside_bullet 045784 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_metric_to_VALUE      0457bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
escape_handler           0457f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
handler                  045808 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
signal_init              0458ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
memory_initialise        0459b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
layers_ro_task_handle    045aa8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
tb_initialise            045ac0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
ro_message_closedown_handler 045c18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
register_event_handlers  045c3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
task__active             045c50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
task__inactive           045c68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
ro_event_loop            045c80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
ro_event_poll_oneshot    045e10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
layers_ro_events_disabled 045e80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
check_tidyup             045ea0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
init                     045ef0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
main                     046050 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
$d                       0460f8 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
C$$code                  0460f8 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$a                       0460fc + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__main                   0460fc + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$d                       046150 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
dialogue_initialise      046178 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_destroy         046218 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_get_class_names 04621c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_OK              046274 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_OK_full         0462bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_YESNO           0464b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_YESNO_default   0464f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_YESNO_full      046540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_get_text        0467c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_get_text_full   046808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_password   046a5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_password_full 046aac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_name_and_password 046cf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_name_and_password_full 046d40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_do_password_callback 046ee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_abort_password 046f58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_error_full      046fcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_error_write_flex 04726c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_alert_write_flex 04746c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_okcancel_write_flex 0475c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_password_write_flex 047744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_prompt_write_flex 0478f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_error 047a98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_alert 047aec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_okcancel 047b50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_prompt 047bb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_password 047c38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_browser_open          047ce0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_mouse_click_handler   047d50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_url_sysvars    047d88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_tb_num_windows_changed 047e44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_tb_view_state_changed 047f58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_statusline            048044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_tb_cmd_avail_changed 0480bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_error                 048154 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_focus                 04815c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_key                   048228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_url                   048234 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_finished              048238 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_started               04836c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_failed                04841c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_mouse_click           0484b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_scheme                0484d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_security_fn           0484fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_progress              048594 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_dispose               0485dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_updateview            048610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_pluginaction          0487e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_layers_notify         04883c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
layers_client2           0488a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
layers_client            048980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
layers_endclient         048b28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
frontend_memory_panic    048b88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_find_target           048b90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_dispose_view          048bac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_find_topmost_nonfe    048be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils__iterate   048cd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils_iterate    048d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils_iterate_all 048d80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils_find_top   048d94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe__eventcall_all_views  048de0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_eventcall_all_views   048e04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe__popup_open           048e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_popup_open            048e74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_get_selected_link_url 048ea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_is_special_window     048f58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_how_many_windows      048ff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_report_error          049044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_complain_error        049074 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_report_errnumber      0490e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_complain_errnumber    049128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_create_frontend_error 049168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_bgsound_set           04918c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_beeps_set             04922c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
lookup_scale_index       0492b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_font_size_set_possible 049310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_font_size             04934c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_font_size_refresh     0493f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_scaling_set_refresh   04945c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_do_refresh_actions    0494a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_scaling_set           0494f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_read_nvram            049594 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
is_a_tv                  04983c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_set_pointer_position  049900 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_coords_box_toscreen   04993c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_find_view_from_ro_win 049940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_start_task            0499a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_handle_modechange     049abc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_show_file             049b60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_file_to_url           049bf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
extract_value_multi      049d18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_utils_js_escape       049e3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_utils_url_escape      049eb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_resource_get          049f00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_increment_pluginfetch_count 049fdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_decrement_pluginfetch_count 04a028 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_substitute_flex_printf 04a068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_brake_string_append 04a344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_substitute 04a55c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
accumulate_from_array    04a6d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_loopsubs 04a7ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_fsubstitutex 04aa00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
key_lookup               04aca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_key_lookup            04acfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_list_add         04ad38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_list_write       04ae60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_list_clear       04afbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_key_handler           04affc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_update_backend_maps 04b25c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
find_bar_from_number     04b3f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
find_bar_from_type       04b438 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
find_bar_from_name       04b4d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_image_set        04b534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_image_reset      04b618 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_image_next       04b648 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_callback         04b6cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
setfocus                 04b708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
givefocustobrowser       04b74c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
havefocus                04b7cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_set_highlight     04b808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_window_has_ptr        04b8a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
get_highlighted          04b944 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_toolboxevent_handler  04b9ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_wimpkey_handler       04ba50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_mouseclick_handler    04bb38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_ptrenter_handler      04bbac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_ptrleave_handler      04bc48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_windowopen_handler    04bcb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
count_bars               04bd50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
compare_info             04bd80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_create            04bd90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
delete_bar               04be90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_calculate_size    04bef8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_descriptor 04bfec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_descriptor_maintain_focus 04c160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_status_show           04c298 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_status_hide           04c624 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm          04c750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
toolbox_alarm_component_iterator 04c7d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_override_change 04c804 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_set_state 04c898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_set_field_perpetual 04c95c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
important_nonfade_component 04ca0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_all_components_faded 04ca60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
toolbox_alarm_component_iterator_with_set 04cb08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_recall_all 04cb90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_set_perpetuals 04cc60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_set_field 04cd74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_active_without_check 04ce1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
swap_bar_list_for_next   04d074 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
pass_the_hidden_flag_up_stack 04d1a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_add               04d200 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_list_write        04d2c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_name              04d3c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_name_list_write   04d420 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bars_init             04d508 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bars_delete           04d60c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_show              04d700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_show_resized      04d7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_hide              04d7f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_thumper_running   04d8c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_is_bar_showing        04d9b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_animation_with_toolbar 04d9d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_is_thumper_running    04da7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_thumper_tick          04dab0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_active  04daf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_field_perpetual 04db74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_move_highlight        04dbc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_get_highlighted_action 04de60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_get_highlight_position 04dee0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_get_indexed_action    04dfb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_has_highlight     04e0a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_height            04e0ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_window_handle     04e134 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_allow_cycle_codec     04e158 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_return_current_tb_type 04e190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar_by_descriptor 04e1b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar        04e264 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar_by_type 04e284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar_by_identifier 04e2a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_name  04e2c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_type  04e2fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_identifier 04e334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar          04e364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_name  04e388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_type  04e3b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_identifier 04e3f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_unique_identifier 04e4a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
restore_key              04e934 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
restore_toolbar          04e938 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
restore_toolbar_name     04e93c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
persist_key              04e940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
persist_toolbar          04e948 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
persist_toolbar_name     04e950 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
fe_goto_url_match_url    04e968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_match_last_items 04e99c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_add          04e9e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_init         04eab0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_shutdown     04eab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_write_item   04eaec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_write_flex   04eb5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_optimise     04ebe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
get_hotlist_category_count 04ec78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
get_cat_by_num           04ec90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
title_or_url             04ecc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
get_format               04ecec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__compare_alpha   04ecf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__find_with_context 04ed2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__free_item       04ee30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__free            04ee6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__unlink          04eed4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__unlink_and_free 04ef1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_sanitycheck_title 04ef60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__add_bycat       04efa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__remove          04f0e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__remove_oldest   04f190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__trim_length     04f208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__sort            04f240 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__flush_pending_delete 04f320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__read_categories 04f38c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_install_categories 04f43c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__read_header     04f570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__read            04f6e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_categories 04f8a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_header    04f910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write           04f9c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_write_nvram_fn   04fab0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_read_nvram_fn    04fc58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__changed_message 04fef0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_item      04ff38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_cat       050030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_item_bycat 050110 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_read             0501c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_write            0502b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_add_bycat        050378 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_remove           050484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_flush_pending_delete 0504ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_write_flex       050544 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_getcats_write_flex 05062c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_namecats_write_flex 050894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_namefav_write_flex 050908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_remove_list      0509d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_rename_category  050a24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_rename_favourite 050a90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_update_access_time 050b38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_optimise         050b8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_init             050c60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_shutdown         050ce4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_add_alarm_call 050ce8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_look_behind   050d38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_get_bookmark_url 050d7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_add           050e90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_fav_move      0510f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_fav_rename    051210 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_remove        05131c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
re_read_config           051458 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
re_read_config_data      051518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
write_config_data        051520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_user_unload           051528 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_user_load             051554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_punt_scheme   05155c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
modify_open_url_flags_for_dbox 051680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
load_stbweb_returned_frames 0516cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_punt_scheme_EACK 051820 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_uriprocess_handler 051b80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_openurl_handler 051cac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_ncfresco_handler 051e98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_dataopen_handler 051f2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_datasave_handler 051fac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_dataload_handler 052078 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_messageack_handler    052148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_handle_service_diallerstatus 0521b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_handle_service_smartcard 0521bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_handle_service_standby 05220c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_service_handler 05224c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_messages_register_riscos_handlers 0522a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_messages_deregister_riscos_handlers 0523f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
decode_string            052504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
get_safe_box             052560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_transient_set_size    05260c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
decode_position_string   052944 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
decode_position          052a34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
meta_ensured_toolbar_dying 052bc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
meta_dispose_of_document 052c50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
meta_dispose_of_view     052c9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_action_visit     052d40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_action_finished  052e1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
invalidate_tb_showness   053218 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_invalidate_tb_showness 053248 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_positioned_view_possible 0532a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_decode_ncbrowsermode 05331c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_dispose          053444 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
recording_start          053488 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
recording_pause          0534d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
recording_stop           0534e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
send_action              053528 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_plugin_changed_state 053578 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_event_handler      053640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
pushed_toolbar_dying     0537f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_register_plugin    05383c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_deregister_plugin  0539b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
fe_internal_reload_target 053a4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_kill_extras  053ad0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_check_popups_full 053af0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
get_source_view          053be4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_toggle_panel 053c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_toggle_panel_args 053cb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
should_we_display_url    053eb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
get_encoding_name        053f48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_reload       053f88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_openurl_nonfe 053fa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_openurl_only 053ffc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_openurl_sourced 0540fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_cleanup      0541f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
cmpPathToFnBlock         05433c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_new          054344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_abort        054590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_free         054594 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_cacheable    054598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_check_homing 0545bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_event           05466c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_back     0546ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_cancel   054734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_close    054760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_crash    054794 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_current  05479c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_dboxremove 054854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_forward  05485c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_home        0548ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_hotlist     05495c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_loadurl     054974 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_related  054af0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpage    054c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_opentoolbar 054e14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_printpage 054e70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_printfinal 054eb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_select   054f00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_sendurl     054fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_submit   055098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
cmpPanelToFnBlock        055224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_urls_init    05522c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel   055268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_process  0553d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favourites 055484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favs 055610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favsdelete 055620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favsswitch 055630 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_catlist 0556b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favscats 055750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favmove 055758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_catrename 055760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favrename 0557fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_help 0558e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_history 055920 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_historyalpha 055b08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_historyrecent 055b18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_historyswitch 055b28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_info 055ba4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_error 056244 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_alert 0562dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_okcancel 056368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_prompt 0563f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_password 056480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_memdump 05651c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_message 05692c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_printframes 056a94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_printoptions 056b28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_related 056bc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_url 056d28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist  057040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_storefav 0570c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_move 0571c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_cats 057248 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_delete 057254 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_catrename 057348 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_favrename 057440 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_history_alpha 0574d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_history_recent 057598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_history_switch 057610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_error    0576a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_alert    0576cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_okcancel 0576f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_prompt   057728 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_password 057758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_print_frames 057788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_print_options 0577ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
oskfep_callback          057830 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_shutdown          057a60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_initialise        057a6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_is_osk_showing        057aec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_refocus           057b00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_closed_state      057b8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe__osk_close            057bc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_close             057c6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_hide_alarm        057c90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe__osk_open             057c9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_closed_handler    057f34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_openrequest_bounce 057f68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_open_bounce       05802c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_openresponse_handler 058034 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_windowsize_handler 058098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_reopen            058128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_open              058168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_toggle            05820c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_pelican_view_create   05825c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican.o)
fe_pelican_view_destroy  0582a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican.o)
event_alarm              0582e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_on_idle_poll    058358 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
global_event_handler     0583d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
toggle_event_handler     058634 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
history_event_handler    0586c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
hotlist_event_handler    058940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_reload          058b1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_stop            058b68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
misc_event_handler       058bb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
scroll_event_handler     058ea0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
allow_nextprevkill_window 058fa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
highlight_event_handler  058fc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
focus_event_handler      059174 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
open_event_handler       0591c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
toolbar_event_handler    059294 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
url_event_handler        059590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
frame_event_handler      059674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_handler         05974c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe__print                059800 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_possible        059a30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printfinal      059a94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print                 059bb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
checked                  059e14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe__print_frames         059e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_frames_write_file 059fd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printframes_write_flex 05a0a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printoptions_write_flex 05a16c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_decode_printoptions 05a354 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_decode_printframes 05a62c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printpage       05a740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_history_write_time_string 05a840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_a_write_item 05a9a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_t_write_item 05aa80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_recent_write_item 05ab58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_recent_write_list 05ac70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_write_list 05ad54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
list_insertsort_add      05ae88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
delete_helper            05af18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_free_history_list 05af4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_comparator    05af5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_get_timesorted_list 05af74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
html_feed_characters     05b00c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
core_HTMLToRiscos        05b14c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
SGML_new                 05b1fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
create_new_html          05b380 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_some_file          05b3cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_html_file          05b504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_new          05b510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_data         05b538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_rh           05b5e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
html_free_context        05b5e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
close_actions            05b614 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_close        05b658 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_new          05b684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_data         05b700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_rh           05b798 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_close        05b7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_text_file          05b7cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_close       05b7d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_rh          05b880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_data        05b88c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_new         05b964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_gif_file           05b9ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_frames             05ba40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
select_pre_mode          05ba70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
select_fmt_mode          05babc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
select_str_mode          05bb04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
select_last_mode         05bb50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
get_lang_num             05bbb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
rid_set_wideness         05bbe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
string_lang_name_to_num  05bc00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
set_rh_encoding          05bc48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
htmlriscos_colour        05bcb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_word      05bce4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_revoke_break   05be38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_form_item            05be80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
decode_img_align         05bfc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_image     05c0a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_aref_item            05c358 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_option_item          05c50c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_map_item             05c574 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
parse_coords_list        05c5d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_area_item            05c678 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_select    05c86c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_textarea  05ca4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
push_fake_search_form    05cd98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_break     05ce64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_ensure_linebreak 05cf58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_ensure_break   05cf88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_hr        05d040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_bullet    05d194 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_scaffold  05d2ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
pseudo_html_fixed        05d2f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
pseudo_html              05d34c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
bridge__get_attr         05d3ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_do_cascade    05d3c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_start_context 05d480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_finish_context 05d58c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__get_valid_mapped_element 05d5ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__set_props_flags  05d680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__property_mask    05d700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__do_cascade       05d720 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
convert_metric_units     05d768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_font_info  05d7e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_colour_info 05dd74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_background_info 05dea4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_content_info 05e164 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_list_info  05e53c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
adjusted_margin_value    05e5fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_box_info   05e65c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
dclip                    05e7b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__property_to_metric 05e7d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_lookup_font_family 05e8c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_fix_pseudo_classes 05ea58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
append_new               05ea80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
deliver_nop              05ead0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_word         05eae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_space        05eb84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_pre_open_markup 05ec3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_pre_close_markup 05ed50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_post_open_markup 05ee50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_post_close_markup 05eec8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_sgml         05efc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
deliver_unexpected       05f064 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_eos          05f180 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_word         05f1d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_pre_open_markup 05f350 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_eol          05f3a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_eos          05f434 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
str_deliver_word         05f498 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
str_deliver_sgml         05f4c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
my_sgml_pre_open         05f4e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
sgml_deliver             05f4fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
sgml_do_parser_fixups    05feb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
starthtml                05febc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
starthead                05ff10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startartbody             05ff50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbody                05ff8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
starta                   060104 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startimage               060258 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startimg                 06025c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startfont                0602e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbr_nonclearing      06046c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbr_clearing         060494 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbr                  06055c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startmap                 060584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startnobr                0605d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishnobr               060600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startwbr                 060644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishartbody            06067c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finisha                  060680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadoption           0606fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadoption          060700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadli               060704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadli              060708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbaddt               06070c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbaddt              060710 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbaddd               060714 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbaddd              060718 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadcaption          06071c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadcaption         060720 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadcol              060724 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadcolgroup         060728 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadcolgroup        06072c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadtd               060730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadtd              060734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadth               060738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadth              06073c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadtr               060740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadtr              060744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startsgml                060748 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startxmp                 06074c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startabbr                060750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startacronym             06079c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startaddress             0607e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startnoscript            060840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishnoscript           060880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishabbr               060884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishacronym            060888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishaddress            06088c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startlisting             060890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startp                   060894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startplaintext           060904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startq                   060908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startins                 0609d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startdel                 060a6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcenter             060b00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcentre             060b04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcite               060b08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcode               060b0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdd                 060b10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdfn                060b14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdir                060b18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdt                 060b1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishem                 060b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishfont               060b24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishhead               060b28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishhtml               060b2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishi                  060b30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishkbd                060b34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishli                 060b38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishlisting            060b3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishmap                060b40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishmenu               060b44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishp                  060b48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishplaintext          060b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishq                  060b50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishins                060b98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdel                060b9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishs                  060ba0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsamp               060ba4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishscript             060ba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishstrong             060be4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsub                060be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsup                060bec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishtt                 060bf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishu                  060bf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishvar                060bf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishbig                060bfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdiv                060c00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsmall              060c04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishstrike             060c08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishstyle              060c0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishxmp                060cd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
mimetype_to_filetype     060cdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
extension_to_filetype    060d18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
make_base_object         060db4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
setup_text_object        060f70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_to_object            060fd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
unstack_object           061104 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add__param               061114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_param                06116c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_param1               0611ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_param2               06123c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
applet_deliver           0612bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startapplet              061440 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishapplet             061660 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
object_deliver           0616ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startobject              061874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishobject             061a08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startembed               061a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startbgsound             061e18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
noembed_deliver          061f38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startnoembed             062048 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishnoembed            062094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startparam               062098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startbadparam            0620e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
iframe_deliver           062140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startiframe              062250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishiframe             062408 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
munge_frameset_list      06244c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startframe               062548 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startframeset            0626b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
finishframeset           062904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startarea                062968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
noframes_deliver         0629d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startnoframes            062aec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
finishnoframes           062b8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startnoframe             062b90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
finishnoframe            062b94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startbdo                 062b98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
finishbdo                062bd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startb                   062bdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
finishb                  062c24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startbasefont            062c28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starttt                  062d5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starti                   062da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startu                   062df0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starts                   062e40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startstrike              062e90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
adjust_font              062ee0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startsub                 062fd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startsup                 063030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startbig                 06308c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startsmall               0630dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starttitle               06312c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
finishtitle              063178 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startisindex             06324c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
finishisindex            0632e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startbase                0632ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startstyle               063364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startscript              0633bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startmeta                063408 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startlink                0636fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
starthr                  06382c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startblockquote          06386c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishblockquote         0638d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startdiv                 0638dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startcenter              063944 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startcentre              063990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startpre                 0639dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishpre                063a30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starthN                  063a58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth1                  063b08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth2                  063b10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth3                  063b18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth4                  063b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth5                  063b28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth6                  063b30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth7                  063b38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishhN                 063b40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh1                 063b44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh2                 063b48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh3                 063b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh4                 063b50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh5                 063b54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh6                 063b58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh7                 063b5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startform                063b60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishform               063be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
input_make_data          063bfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
input_init_base          063c60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
input_button_attrs       063d48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startinput               063fac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startselect              0642a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishselect             064338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startoption              064408 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishoption             0644b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startoptgroup            06453c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishoptgroup           064600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
starttextarea            0646ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishtextarea           064758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startlabel               0647ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
is_form_item             06487c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishlabel              06489c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startfieldset            0649d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishfieldset           064c00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startlegend              064c14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishlegend             064cac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startbutton              064ce0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishbutton             064f50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startem                  064f70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startstrong              064fbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startdfn                 065004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startcode                06504c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startsamp                065094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startkbd                 0650dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startvar                 065124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startcite                065170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startspan                0651bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
finishspan               065218 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
decode_ol_type           06521c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
decode_ul_type           0652b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startol                  065314 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
finishol                 06542c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startul                  0654c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
finishul                 0655d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startmenu                065670 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdir                 0656d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdl                  065730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
finishdl                 0657fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startli                  065894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdd                  06599c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdt                  065a28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
nullfree                 065a70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strnicmpu                065aa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strcmpu                  065b2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strncmpu                 065b70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
stringdup                065bc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
valuestringdup           065c18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
mkstring                 065c48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
mkstring0                065cb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
mkstringu                065d38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
stringcat                065e40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_add               065ebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_terminate         065f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_control     066018 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strip_char               066078 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_start       0660b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_end         066114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_space       066174 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustring_strip_start      0661b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustring_strip_end        06621c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustring_strip_space      066284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_squash_space      0662c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_count_tokens      066368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_free              0663d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_list_free         0663fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
count_positions          066438 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
get_tab_expanded_string  0664b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
set_char_decode          06663c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
sgml_support_initialise  066678 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_whitespace            06673c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_element_start_character 066768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_element_body_character 066794 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_entity_character      0667c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
element_search_fn        0667ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
find_element             066850 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
find_attribute           066954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
reset_lexer_state        066ac8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
clear_inhand             066af4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
reset_tokeniser_state    066b38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
free_buffer              066b78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_to_ubuffer           066ba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_to_buffer            066c20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_to_prechop_buffer    066ca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_char_to_inhand       066cb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
push_inhand              066cc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
push_bar_last_inhand     066d0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustrtol                  066d7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustrnearly               066e24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
report_start             066f1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
report_finish            066f20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
generic_start            066f24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
generic_finish           066f28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
base_url_join_string     066f2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
rid_dump_stack           066fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
stack_new_props          066fbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
ridprops_need_another    06700c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
stack_clear_props        06703c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
clear_stack_item         0670cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
stack_new_cleared_item   067138 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
clear_stack              067168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
sgml_free_stack          067200 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
push_stack               067264 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pop_stack                067444 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
find_element_in_stack    067500 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pack_fn                  06752c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
unpack_fn                067550 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
set_effects_fn           067564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
set_effects_wf_flag_fn   0675a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
apply_effects            067614 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
apply_effects_without    06769c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
restore_elements_open    067704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pull_stack_item_to_top   0677d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pull_stack_item_to_top_correcting_effects 06784c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_bit_clear        0678b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_bit_set          0678d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_clear_bit        0678f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_set_bit          067910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_bitset_or        067930 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
sgml_handle_char         067960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_set_encoding        0679d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_feed_characters_ascii 067a30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_feed_characters_utf8 067ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_feed_characters     067ba0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_stream_finished     067c90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_free_report         067e04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_free_context        067e40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_new_context         067eb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_recursion_warning_pre 067f34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_recursion_warning_post 067f38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_install_deliver     067f3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_remove_deliver      067f80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_unwind_deliver      067f9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
eol_sm                   067fdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
decode_ctype             068040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_fmt_word_chopper    06809c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_pre_word_chopper    068420 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_str_word_chopper    068728 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_reset_chopper_state 0687f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
state_stuck_text         068810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_some_sgml_command  068860 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_close 068874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_2 0688a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_2_0 0688d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_1 068908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_1_0 06893c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_pre_initial 068968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_maybe      068998 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_unquoted_attribute_value 0689c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_postquote_attribute_value 068a24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_quoted_attribute_value 068aac + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_attribute_value 068ad8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_attribute_equals 068b60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_attribute_name  068bec + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_quoted_attribute_name 068c64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_attribute_name 068c9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_element_name    068d20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_had_markup_open_slash 068d90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_had_markup_open    068db0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_entity        068e44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_find_element_body 068ec0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_find_element   068f98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_find_slash     068fec + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_comment_dash_dash 069014 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_comment_dash   069040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_comment        069060 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_maybe_comment2 06907c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_maybe_comment1 0690a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_had_markup_open 0690d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_script             069108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_style              06914c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_tag_only       069190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_markup_only        0691f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_all_tags           069278 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
get_state_proc           0692c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
sgml_free_attribute      069324 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
sgml_free_attributes     0693b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
default_attributes       0693e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
is_element_open          069410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
open_within_container    069460 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
force_close_to_matching  0694f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ensure_pre_requisites    069634 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ensure_post_requisites   069964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
is_bad_close             069a68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
close_open_p_elements    069ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ext_special_container_open_actions 069b2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
special_container_open_actions 069dcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ext_special_container_close_actions 069dd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
special_container_close_actions 069f68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
perform_element_open     069f6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
perform_element_close    06a340 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
parse_then_perform_element_open 06a610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
parse_then_perform_element_close 06a654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_element           06a670 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
assign_value             06a750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_element_name      06a7f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_start_attribute_name  06a8a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_attribute_name    06a8b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_start_attribute_value 06aa04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_attribute_value   06aa14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
convert_undefined_key_code 06ad88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
entity_compare_function  06adc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
sgml_translation         06adfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
entity_recognition       06b2f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
sgml_do_parse_void       06b330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_enum_void  06b364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_enum       06b520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_string_void 06b588 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_string     06b5f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_integer_void 06b65c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_integer    06b700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml__do_parse_stdunit_void 06b764 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_stdunit_void 06ba38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_stdunit    06bab8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_stdunit_list 06bb24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_enum_string 06bc88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_bool       06bd10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_colour     06bdbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
make_sockaddr            06be60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httpveneer_connection_new 06beb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httpveneer_connection_dispose 06bf24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_open                06bf84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_status              06c090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_close               06c100 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_completedpart       06c17c + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_readdata            06c1bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_readdata_finished   06c250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_is_ssl_available    06c288 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_init                06c2e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_tidyup              06c2f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_register_cert_callback 06c314 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httppoll                 06c318 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httppoll_handler         06c414 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
make_sockaddr            06c45c + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftpveneer_connection_new 06c4b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftpveneer_connection_dispose 06c520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_open              06c580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_status            06c694 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_close             06c6f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_readdata          06c784 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_readdata_finished 06c800 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_init              06c838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_finalise          06c850 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftppoll               06c86c + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftppoll_handler       06c968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
CSS_make_new_manager     06c9b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_delete_manager       06c9ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_ready          06ca68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_get_handle     06ca94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_data           06cb54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_cancel         06cc0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_import_page          06ccb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_context_new          06cd24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_context_cascade      06cdc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_context_remove       06ce38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_current_url          06ced4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_get_property         06cef0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__restart_document    06cf50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__flush_stack         06cf64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__add_style_db        06cfa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__clean_styles        06d02c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_init        06d078 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_finish      06d0c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_replace_property 06d110 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_extract_properties 06d1b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_merge       06d388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__fsp_do_fixup        06d46c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__fix_pseudo_properties 06d4d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_process_dbase 06d58c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade             06d6ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
css_init                 06d78c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css_config.o)
CSS_dbref__new           06d7dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref__delete        06d83c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref__find          06d88c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_add_reference  06d8f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_remove_reference 06d948 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_add_data_handle 06d9a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_data_handle    06d9c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_data_url       06d9d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_has_import     06d9d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
css_parse_full           06d9ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(parser.o)
CSS_escape_to_ucs4       06da88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_escape_to_utf8       06dbe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_stricmp              06dcdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_strnicmp             06dd54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_ctx_new              06dddc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_delete           06de48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_recycle          06de9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_push             06df30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_pop              06df3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_last             06df5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_element      06df6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_class        06df80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_id           06df90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_style        06dfa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_clink_load           06dfb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cascade.o)
CSS_ctab_delete          06e084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cascade.o)
CSS_ctab_find            06e0d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cascade.o)
css_db_init              06e0fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_finish       06e160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_finish            06e1e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_sel_active_list   06e230 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_sel_commit        06e238 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_property_set_id   06e26c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_merge_list        06e29c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_commit       06e2c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_rollback     06e338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_new          06e364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_add          06e3bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_add_int      06e3f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_add_dbl      06e454 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_make_table        06e4c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_match_first       06e4f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_match_next        06e50c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
CSS_selparse__init       06e5a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse_new         06e648 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__recover    06e68c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse_delete      06e704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__grow       06e73c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__add_chunk  06e7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__part_add   06e7bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__commit     06e8b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__char_ok    06ea00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__push_inhand 06ea50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__process_char 06eab0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__process_part 06eb54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse_parse       06ebc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_part_free        06edcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_free_list        06ee54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_set_specificity  06eec8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_get_specificity  06eee0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_get_order        06eef0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_calc_specificity 06ef00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_get_pseudo       06efc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel__find_class      06f018 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_match            06f0b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_make_table       06f2a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add         06f31c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_dbl     06f39c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel__data_add_integer 06f420 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_int     06f49c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_enum    06f4cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_bool    06f4fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_str     06f52c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_list        06f5d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_link_new             06f5d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_free            06f614 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_clear           06f668 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_add             06f680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_getdata         06f6f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_setdata         06f704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_count           06f720 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_first           06f730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_next            06f73c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_foreach         06f768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_merge           06f7d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_init_lexer           06f858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
css_clean_lexer          06f888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yylex                    06f89c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_get_previous_state    070848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_try_NUL_trans         070984 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_switch_to_buffer      070ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_load_buffer_state     070b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_delete_buffer         070b58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_scan_buffer           070ba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_scan_bytes            070c38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
set_font_weight          070cac + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
set_font_style           070cd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
convert_units            070cfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
parser_recover_state     070d60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
reset_recover_state      070d74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_yy_init              070d84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_color_check 070db8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_color_number 070df0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_color_name 070e9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_font_size 070ef8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_font_weight 070f10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_url      070fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__grow    071150 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__add_word 071208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__new_word 071254 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__commit  07129c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_yy_tidy              0712f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__import_page          071338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__parse_selector       071380 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yyparse                  0713e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
webimage2_start          072330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage2.o)
webimage2_feed           0723e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage2.o)
webimage2_destroy        072528 + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage2.o)
webimage_init            072580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(winit.o)
webimage2__init_source   0725d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__fill_input_buffer 0725dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__skip_input_data 07265c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__term_source   0726ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__src           0726b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_error    07273c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_message  07274c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_init     072760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_info     0727bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_state_machine 0728c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
progress_monitor         072c34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_feed     072c38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_destroy  072d20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2_jpeg_recognise 072d60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
get_soi                  072d90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_sof                  072e60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_sos                  073284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_app0                 073650 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_app14                073954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dac                  073b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dht                  073d38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dqt                  0740cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dri                  0743e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
skip_variable            074538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
next_marker              07461c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
first_marker             074794 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
read_markers             074860 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
read_restart_marker      074c04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
jpeg_resync_to_restart   074cd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
reset_marker_reader      074e18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
jinit_marker_reader      074e44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
jpeg_create_decompress   074efc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_destroy_decompress  074f94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_abort_decompress    074f98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_set_marker_processor 074f9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
default_decompress_parms 074fec + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_read_header         0751c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_consume_input       07526c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_input_complete      075374 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_has_multiple_scans  0753d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_finish_decompress   075434 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
put_pixel_rows           075550 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
put_pixel4bpp_rows       075580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
start_output_sprite      075600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
read_sprite_map          075958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
read_sprite4bpp_map      0759d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
read_sprite8bpp_map      075a20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
finish_output_sprite     075a68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
jinit_write_sprite       075ac8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
jpeg_start_decompress    075e24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
output_pass_setup        075f5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_read_scanlines      076090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_read_raw_data       076190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_start_output        0762bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_finish_output       076344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
error_exit               077510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
output_message           07754c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
emit_message             07757c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
format_message           0775e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
reset_error_mgr          0776e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
jpeg_std_error           077700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
jpeg_abort               077778 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
jpeg_destroy             0777d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
jpeg_alloc_quant_table   07780c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
jpeg_alloc_huff_table    077844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
out_of_memory            07787c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_small              07789c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_large              077a20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_sarray             077ae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_barray             077bc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
request_virt_sarray      077ca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
request_virt_barray      077d44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
realize_virt_arrays      077de4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
do_sarray_io             078004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
do_barray_io             0780e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
access_virt_sarray       0781cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
access_virt_barray       0783a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
free_pool                078588 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
self_destruct            0786f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
jinit_memory_mgr         078748 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
initial_setup            078874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
per_scan_setup           078ad8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
latch_quant_tables       078cbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
start_input_pass         078d98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
finish_input_pass        078df8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
consume_markers          078e0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
reset_input_controller   078f18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
jinit_input_controller   078f7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
use_merged_upsample      078ff4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
jpeg_calc_output_dimensions 07908c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
prepare_range_limit_table 079160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
master_selection         079200 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
prepare_for_output_pass  079490 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
finish_output_pass       0796a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
jpeg_new_colormap        0796e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
jinit_master_decompress  07979c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
put_pixel16bpp_rows      0797fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite16.o)
jpeg_get_small           079a24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_free_small          079a2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_get_large           079a34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_free_large          079a3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_mem_available       079a44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_open_backing_store  079a4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_mem_init            079a64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_mem_term            079a6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jdiv_round_up            079a70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jround_up                079a84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jcopy_sample_rows        079ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jcopy_block_row          079b04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jzero_far                079b18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
select_ncolors           079b24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
output_value             079c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
largest_input_value      079c98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
create_colormap          079cac + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
create_colorindex        079e54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
make_odither_array       079fb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
create_odither_tables    07a064 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
color_quantize           07a0fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
color_quantize3          07a18c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
quantize_ord_dither      07a210 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
quantize3_ord_dither     07a308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
quantize_fs_dither       07a410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
alloc_fs_workspace       07a620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
start_pass_1_quant       07a690 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
finish_pass_1_quant      07a7b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
new_color_map_1_quant    07a7bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
jinit_1pass_quantizer    07a7d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
prescan_quantize         07a8d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_biggest_color_pop   07a974 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_biggest_volume      07a9bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
update_box               07a9fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
median_cut               07ade4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
compute_color            07af68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
select_colors            07b0dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_nearby_colors       07b1bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_best_colors         07b3a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
fill_inverse_cmap        07b518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
pass2_no_dither          07b61c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
pass2_fs_dither          07b6e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
init_error_limit         07ba50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
finish_pass1             07bb0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
finish_pass2             07bb40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
start_pass_2_quant       07bb44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
new_color_map_2_quant    07bcc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
jinit_2pass_quantizer    07bcd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
build_ycc_rgb_table      07beb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
start_pass_merged_upsample 07bfdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
merged_2v_upsample       07bff4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
merged_1v_upsample       07c0fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
h2v1_merged_upsample     07c150 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
h2v2_merged_upsample     07c2b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
jinit_merged_upsampler   07c4c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
build_ycc_rgb_table      07c58c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
ycc_rgb_convert          07c6b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
null_convert             07c7d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
grayscale_convert        07c84c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
ycck_cmyk_convert        07c88c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
start_pass_dcolor        07c9d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
jinit_color_deconverter  07c9dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
start_pass_upsample      07cbd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
sep_upsample             07cbec + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
fullsize_upsample        07cd28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
noop_upsample            07cd30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
int_upsample             07cd3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v1_upsample            07ce14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v2_upsample            07ce6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v1_fancy_upsample      07cf08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v2_fancy_upsample      07cfd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
jinit_upsampler          07d120 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
start_pass_dpost         07d3a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
post_process_1pass       07d4c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
post_process_prepass     07d578 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
post_process_2pass       07d67c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
jinit_d_post_controller  07d76c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
start_pass               07d858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jddctmgr.o)
jinit_inverse_dct        07d9cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jddctmgr.o)
start_pass_phuff_decoder 07da74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
process_restart          07ddd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_DC_first      07de74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_AC_first      07e0e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_DC_refine     07e3a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_AC_refine     07e4dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
jinit_phuff_decoder      07e9f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
start_pass_huff_decoder  07eac0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jpeg_make_d_derived_tbl  07ec38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jpeg_fill_bit_buffer     07ee60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jpeg_huff_decode         07efb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
process_restart          07f0d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
decode_mcu               07f170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jinit_huff_decoder       07f628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
start_iMCU_row           07f698 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
start_input_pass         07f6dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
start_output_pass        07f6e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
decompress_onepass       07f748 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
dummy_consume_data       07fa08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
consume_data             07fa10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
decompress_data          07fc04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
smoothing_ok             07fe08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
decompress_smooth_data   07feb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
jinit_d_coef_controller  080690 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
alloc_funny_pointers     0807fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
make_funny_pointers      0808dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
set_wraparound_pointers  080a0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
set_bottom_pointers      080af0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
start_pass_main          080bc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
process_data_simple_main 080c60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
process_data_context_main 080d08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
process_data_crank_post  080eb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
jinit_d_main_controller  080ee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
jpeg_idct_ifast          081018 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jidctfst.o)
webimage2__png_error     08150c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_nomem     081514 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_warning   08151c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_1                   081520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_2to4                08170c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_4                   081858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_8to4                081a64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
near_8bpp                081c74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_8                   081d70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_8to8                081f98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_24to8               08229c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
alpha_24to8              08249c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_24to16              082668 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__call_irec     08295c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_spritehdr 082d28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_info      082fd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_row       0830b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_end       0831b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_init      0831bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_feed      08320c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_destroy   0832e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2_png_recognise  083354 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
png_set_crc_action       083384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_background       083480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_strip_16         08355c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_strip_alpha      08356c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_dither           08357c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_gamma            083e60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_expand           083eac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_palette_to_rgb   083ebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_gray_1_2_4_to_8  083ecc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_tRNS_to_alpha    083edc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_gray_to_rgb      083eec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_rgb_to_gray      083efc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_rgb_to_gray_fixed 083f38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_read_user_transform_fn 084068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_init_read_transformations 08407c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_read_transform_info  084a78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_transformations 084c78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_unpack            0850e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_unshift           08524c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_chop              08547c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_swap_alpha   0854e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_invert_alpha 085674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_filler       08579c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_gray_to_rgb       085a74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_rgb_to_gray       085c38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_build_grayscale_palette 086444 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_background        0864cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_gamma             087750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_expand_palette    087b98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_expand            087e38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_dither            088294 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_build_gamma_table    0883f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_bgr              0889ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_swap             0889bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_packing          0889d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_packswap         0889f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_shift            088a10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_interlace_handling 088a30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_filler           088a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_swap_alpha       088ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_invert_alpha     088ac4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_invert_mono      088ad4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_invert            088ae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_swap              088b24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_packswap          088b6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_strip_filler      088bd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_bgr               088ea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_user_transform_info 088fd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_get_user_transform_ptr 088fe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_process_data         088fec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_process_some_data    08903c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_sig        089084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_chunk      089174 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_crc_skip        089834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_crc_finish      089844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_fill_buffer     089954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_save_buffer     089a18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_restore_buffer  089b00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_IDAT       089b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_process_IDAT_data    089d24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_process_row     089e40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_read_push_finish_row 08a1ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_handle_tEXt     08a318 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_tEXt       08a3a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_handle_zTXt     08a4ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_zTXt       08a538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_handle_unknown  08a808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_have_info       08a954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_have_end        08a964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_have_row        08a974 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_progressive_combine_row 08a98c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_set_progressive_read_fn 08a9b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_get_progressive_ptr  08a9d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_create_read_struct   08a9dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_init            08ac78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_init_2          08ac98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_info            08aec0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_update_info     08b5ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_start_read_image     08b5e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_row             08b5f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_rows            08bac0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_image           08bb8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_end             08bc00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_destroy_read_struct  08c188 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_destroy         08c24c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_set_read_status_fn   08c4b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_png             08c4b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_set_sig_bytes        08c67c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sig_cmp              08c6dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_check_sig            08c750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_zalloc               08c780 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_zfree                08c7d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_reset_crc            08c7dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_calculate_crc        08c80c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_create_info_struct   08c85c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_destroy_info_struct  08c894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_info_init            08c8d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_data_freer           08c8e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_free_data            08c948 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_info_destroy         08cd50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_io_ptr           08cdac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_copyright        08cdb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_libpng_ver       08ce80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_header_ver       08ce98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_header_version   08cea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_handle_as_unknown    08cee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_reset_zstream        08cf60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_access_version_number 08cf68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_error                08cf74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_warning              08cfb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_format_buffer        08cfc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_chunk_error          08d0b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_chunk_warning        08d0ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_default_error        08d124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_default_warning      08d12c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_set_error_fn         08d130 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_get_error_ptr        08d140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_create_struct        08d148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_destroy_struct       08d198 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_malloc               08d1a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_free                 08d1f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_memcpy_check         08d20c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_memset_check         08d224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_get_uint_32          08d23c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_get_int_32           08d260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_get_uint_16          08d284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_crc_read             08d29c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_crc_finish           08d2d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_crc_error            08d39c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_decompress_chunk     08d41c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_IHDR          08d704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_PLTE          08da60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_IEND          08dd10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_gAMA          08ddb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sBIT          08dfac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_cHRM          08e170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sRGB          08e6c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_iCCP          08e954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sPLT          08eb40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_tRNS          08ee20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_bKGD          08f174 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_hIST          08f3f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_pHYs          08f5f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_oFFs          08f744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_pCAL          08f890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sCAL          08fb94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_tIME          08fdcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_tEXt          08ff18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_zTXt          090038 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_unknown       0901b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_check_chunk_name     090334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_combine_row          0903e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_do_read_interlace    0906dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_read_filter_row      090b34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_read_finish_row      090d64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_read_start_row       0910b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_set_bKGD             091354 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_cHRM             091384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_cHRM_fixed       091488 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_gAMA             091540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_gAMA_fixed       09157c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_hIST             0915ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_IHDR             0915cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_oFFs             0916ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_pCAL             09171c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sCAL             091848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_pHYs             091888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_PLTE             0918b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sBIT             0918e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sRGB             091918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sRGB_gAMA_and_cHRM 091938 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_iCCP             091a70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_text             091b30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_tIME             091d2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_tRNS             091d68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sPLT             091dc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_unknown_chunks   091ed8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_unknown_chunk_location 091fe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_permit_empty_plte    09201c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_keep_unknown_chunks 092028 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_read_user_chunk_fn 09212c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_rows             092138 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_compression_buffer_size 092190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_invalid          0921dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_read_data            0921f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrio.o)
png_set_read_fn          092228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrio.o)
png_get_valid            0922f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_rowbytes         092308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_rows             09231c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_image_width      092330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_image_height     092344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_bit_depth        092358 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_color_type       09236c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_filter_type      092380 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_interlace_type   092394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_compression_type 0923a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_x_pixels_per_meter 0923bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_y_pixels_per_meter 0923ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pixels_per_meter 09241c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pixel_aspect_ratio 092458 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_x_offset_microns 0924ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_y_offset_microns 0924dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_x_offset_pixels  09250c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_y_offset_pixels  09253c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_channels         09256c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_signature        092580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_bKGD             092594 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_cHRM             0925c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_cHRM_fixed       092660 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_gAMA             092700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_gAMA_fixed       09272c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sRGB             092758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_iCCP             092784 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sPLT             0927e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_hIST             0927fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_IHDR             092828 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_oFFs             09293c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pCAL             092988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sCAL             092a18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pHYs             092a58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_PLTE             092ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sBIT             092af4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_text             092b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_tIME             092b6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_tRNS             092b98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_unknown_chunks   092c20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_rgb_to_gray_status 092c3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_user_chunk_ptr   092c44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_compression_buffer_size 092c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
webimage2__lzwinit       092c54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__output_line   092d68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__lzwoutput     093070 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__id            0931fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gif_init      0932ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__call_irec     0933c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gcx           09379c + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gif_feed      0937e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gif_destroy   093c3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2_gif_recognise  093cc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__lzw           093d08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(lzw.o)
sprite2__area_control    093fb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
sprite2__sprite_header   094030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
sprite2__sprite_image    094230 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2_sprite_recognise 0942d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2__sprite_init   0943b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2__sprite_feed   094410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2__sprite_destroy 0944e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2_xbm_recognise  094518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
webimage2__xbm_init      09458c + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
webimage2__xbm_feed      0945d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
webimage2__xbm_destroy   0947a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
xbm_header               0947c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
xbm_data_header          0948e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
xbm_data                 094c7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
read_line                094e6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
inflateReset             094eec + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateEnd               094f54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateInit2_            094fb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateInit_             095104 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflate                  095114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateSetDictionary     095660 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateSync              09570c + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateSyncPoint         095810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
get_crc_table            095830 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(crc32.o)
crc32                    095844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(crc32.o)
inflate_blocks_reset     095940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks_new       0959e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks           095ad0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks_free      0965bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_set_dictionary   096624 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks_sync_point 09665c + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
zlibVersion              0966f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
z_error                  096708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
zError                   09670c + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
zcalloc                  096728 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
zcfree                   096734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
adler32                  096748 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(adler32.o)
inflate_codes_new        0968c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infcodes.o)
inflate_codes            096924 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infcodes.o)
inflate_codes_free       096f80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infcodes.o)
inflate_flush            096f94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infutil.o)
huft_build               0970e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_trees_bits       0975cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_trees_dynamic    0976f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_trees_fixed      097954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_fast             0979a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inffast.o)
file_get_size_and_type   097d4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_exists              097ea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_is_directory        097f00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_wipe_objects        097f5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_copy                097f90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_canonicalise_name   097fc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_new_directory       09800c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_save                098040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_flexload            098080 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file_load.o)
mm_can_we_recover        098144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_weakmalloc            098194 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_malloc                098198 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_calloc                0981f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_realloc               098228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_weakrealloc           098288 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_free                  09828c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_freeconst             0982b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_init                  0982b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_strdup                0982bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_strndup               0982fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_check                 098354 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_dump_no_summary_to_fn 098358 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm__summary_through_function 0983bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm__dbg__out             098634 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm__dump_through_function 09863c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_summary               098674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_dump                  098684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
layers_static_printf     0986b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
flex_mustalloc           098730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex_must.o)
flex_mustextend          09873c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex_must.o)
makeerror                098798 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(errors.o)
makeerrorf               098808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(errors.o)
layers_flexfile_create   098880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_destroy  0988d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_size     0988fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_anchor   098904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_putc     098908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_puts     098974 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_write    0989a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_read     098a30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_cpy      098a80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_tofile   098ae0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_fromfile 098afc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
flex_init                098b68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_dump_to_fn          098bb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_dump                098e14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_extend              098e28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_alloc               098eec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_midextend           098ef8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_free                098fe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_compact             099030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_size                099034 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_reanchor            099048 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
MemFlex__SetSlot         099090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
MemFlex_Shrinkable       099114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
MemFlex__Insert          099180 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
url_parse                09928c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_parse.o)
url_free_parts           099644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_free_parts.o)
stricmp                  0996b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(stricmp.o)
url_path_trans           099718 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
layers_localise_path     0997dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
delocalise_path          09983c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
layers_delocalise_path   09989c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
layers_delocalise_leafname 0998a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
string_hash              0998ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
strnearly                0998d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
find_closest_colour      0999b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
shuffle_array            099a2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
hostname_match           099a9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
url_ensure_buffer_size   099b98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_unparse.o)
url_unparse              099be4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_unparse.o)
call_callback            099e70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_init        099ea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_next        099ec0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
call_next                099edc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_call_next   099f30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_call_pending 099f78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_anypending  099fe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm             09a020 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_removeall_match 09a0ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
resolvehandler           09a160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
layers_cancelresolve     09a2f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
layers_asyncresolve      09a364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
confman_default_create   09a40c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_default_create_data 09a410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_cleanup          09a414 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_initialise       09a47c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_set_alt          09a4c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_restore          09a4d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_persist          09a4ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_declare_component 09a504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_undeclare_component 09a580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_merge            09a594 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_merge_data       09a5dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_default_manager  09a624 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
mime_convert             09a634 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
suffix_to_file_type      09aab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
mime_to_file_type        09aac4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_type_to_mime        09aad8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_mime_type_release 09ab24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_and_object_type_real 09ab28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_type_real           09abec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_riscostounixtime    09abf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_last_modified       09ac60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_and_object_type     09acb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_gettype             09ad48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_txt_terminate     09ad50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_txt_init          09adb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_txt               09b0ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_resspr_area       09b138 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_resspr_init       09b14c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_resspr_lookup     09b170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
werr                     09b240 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_reporterror       09b2a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
rma_alloc                09b3b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
rma_free                 09b3f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
wait_for_release         09b424 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_lock                09b4cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
gstrans_not_null         09b534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
cmos_op                  09b588 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
rs_tmpnam                09b620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
mmfopen                  09b6c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
mmfclose                 09b70c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
get_free_memory_size     09b754 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
get_fsnum                09b794 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
get_fsptr                09b7d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
is_a_tv                  09b810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
ro_anti_twitter_is_on    09b8d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
ro_anti_twitter          09b91c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
ro_adjust_box_for_anti_twitter 09b9c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_string_value_associate 09ba04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
string_free_iterator     09ba3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_string_value_free 09ba94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
flex_dup                 09bad8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_string_value_write 09bb50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_packedchar_cmp    09bbe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_unpack_n 09bbe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_pack_n 09bbec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_memunpack 09bbf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_mempack 09bbf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_len    09bbf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_dup    09bbfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_memunpack_offset 09bc00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_mempack_offset 09bc0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
handle_dialler_status    09bc1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
message_service_handler  09bca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_connect_init 09bce0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_connect   09bd10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_disconnect 09bd98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_get_status 09be10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
mm_strdup_gstrans        09be20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(gstrans.o)
strcatx_with_leeway      09becc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
strcatx1                 09bf7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
strcatx                  09bf84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
strtrim                  09bf8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
layers_copy_error        09bfc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_set_graphics_colour 09c030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_get_scrap_root    09c134 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
spriteextend_checkversion 09c180 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_os_name           09c214 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_getlocalhostname  09c2c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_set_animation_control_pointer 09c364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_modal_loop        09c368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_last_error        09c398 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_resolve           09c39c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve.o)
callback_fn              09c494 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8_len 09c50c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8  09c5c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8_num_len 09c5cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8_num 09c634 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
url_join                 09c71c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_join.o)
make_num                 09cb68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
make_month               09cb90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
skip_to_num              09cbec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
layers_parsedate         09cc20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
strnicmp                 09ced8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strnicmp.o)
list_add                 09cf48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
list_remove              09cf58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
list_iterate             09cf94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
list_remove_by_comparison 09cfec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
layers_time              09d048 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localtime.o)
strncpysafe              09d04c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strncpysafe.o)
strlencat                09d080 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strlencat.o)
layers_base64_encode     09d0d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uuencode.o)
compare_used             09d1b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getsorted.o)
get_sorted_list          09d1d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getsorted.o)
safe_write_bytes         09d25c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
safe_write_string        09d2a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
safe_read_bytes          09d310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
safe_read_string         09d36c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
file_get_size            09d3d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file2.o)
file_load                09d448 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file2.o)
file_set_type            09d4dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file2.o)
optimise_string          09d510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memoptimise.o)
optimise_block           09d570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memoptimise.o)
layers_base64_decode     09d5e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uudecode.o)
layers_kbd_alt           09d74c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_kbd_shift         09d798 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_kbd_ctrl          09d79c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_kbd_flush         09d7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_key_to_native     09d81c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
webfont_font_info        09d820 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_name        09d9d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_init_font       09da78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
do_font_bits             09dc68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
one_of_each_please       09df18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_initialise      09df68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_reinitialise    09e008 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_find_font        09e0c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_lose_font        09e110 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_tidyup          09e178 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_width_n     09e2ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_width       09e3c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_split_point_char 09e3cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_split_point      09e4c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
scanstring_offset_fn     09e4ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_get_offset       09e5e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_nominal_width    09e6b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
declare_one_of_sizes     09e704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_declare_printer_fonts 09e760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__setfont         09e85c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_setcolours       09e8a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_paint            09e918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_paint_n          09e940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_paint_full       09e97c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_need_wide_font   09eb4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__available_char  09ebf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_available_char   09ed68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_exists      09ed70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__symbolfont      09ed7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_lookup_symbol    09ee60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__find_best       09ef50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_select           09f0ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_discard          09f2b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_contains         09f344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_map_entry       09f34c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_find_typeface    09f3d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_height           09f3d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_ascent           09f42c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_descent          09f470 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_space_width      09f4b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
ro_report_fonts          09f4f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
refstring_new_n          09f620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(refstring.o)
refstring_new            09f690 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(refstring.o)
refstring_del            09f698 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(refstring.o)
task_init                09f6e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_new                 09f6e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_addhalt             09f754 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_halt                09f7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_unhalt              09f7ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_ishalted            09f838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_removehalt          09f840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_getpriority         09f8bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_setpriority         09f8c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_delete              09f914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
add_runnable             09f9c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
remove_runnable          09fa44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
get_next_runnable        09faa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task__run                09fad8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
layers_hline             09fba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_vline             09fc24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_rectanglefill     09fc98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_rectanglefill2    09fd08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_rectangle         09fd80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_circle            09fdc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bhline            09fe7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_xpixel            09fefc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_ypixel            09ff2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bpp               09ff5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_screenrect        09ff84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_safearea          0a0038 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_set_smargins      0a01a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_get_smargins      0a01ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_screendepth       0a021c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_set_clip          0a0244 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_get_clip          0a02a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bmp_plot          0a0334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bmp_plot_scaled   0a0360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
limit_line               0a04dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
current_point            0a0500 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
insert_chars             0a0518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
delete_bytes             0a0650 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
move_point_from          0a06c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
move_point               0a0710 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
char_width_left          0a0744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
char_width_right         0a0768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_line_length          0a0770 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
line_length              0a07bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
current_line_length      0a07c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
decode_offset            0a07d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_highlight_count      0a084c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_line_height          0a087c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_line_width           0a08b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_index                0a0940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
convert_index            0a0994 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
find_next_break          0a0a0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
count_lines              0a0b6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
fillin_line_list         0a0bec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
build_line_list          0a0c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
resize_line_list         0a0cb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
check_line_list          0a0d4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_max_width            0a0f5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_thread      0a0fe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_unthread    0a1010 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
check_callback           0a1064 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
caret_pos_to_xy          0a10b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_caret_pos            0a126c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
set_caret_to_be_visible  0a12a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
scroll_parent_to_show_highlight 0a1384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_scroll_to_show_block 0a141c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_scroll_to_show_region 0a1540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_scroll_to_show_caret 0a15c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
set_extent               0a1608 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
draw_line                0a1690 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
do_redraw                0a1950 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
mouse_to_coords          0a1a78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_click_handler 0a1bd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_insert_char       0a1c6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_insert_newline    0a1ccc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_to_start   0a1d24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_left       0a1d60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_right      0a1db8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_to_end     0a1e24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_all        0a1e78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_all_area   0a1ec0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_left_or_off       0a1ef8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_left              0a1f44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_left_or_wrap      0a1f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_right_or_off      0a1fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_right             0a200c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_right_or_wrap     0a202c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_start_of_line     0a2088 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_end_of_line       0a20b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_start_of_area     0a20ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_end_of_area       0a2118 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_up                0a215c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_down              0a21b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_page_up           0a2210 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_page_down         0a221c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_line_up           0a2228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_line_down         0a2234 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_blur              0a2240 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_scroll    0a2264 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_left      0a2278 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_right     0a2284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_start_of_line 0a2290 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_end_of_line 0a229c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_start_of_area 0a22a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_end_of_area 0a22b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_key_handler 0a22c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_blur_handler 0a235c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_click       0a239c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_click_logical 0a242c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_mousemove   0a24c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_key         0a2534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_redraw      0a25b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_focus       0a2614 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
create_display           0a2644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
update_display           0a2714 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_text_count 0a28d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_cursor_point 0a29cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_cursor_region 0a2a10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_cursor 0a2aa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_insert 0a2b70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_delete 0a2bd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_replace 0a2c14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_highlight 0a2c88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_writedata 0a2ef4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_writedata_indirected 0a2f40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_readdata 0a3158 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_dispose 0a328c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_create 0a334c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_naturalsize 0a34d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_focus 0a3540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_setposition 0a363c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_redraw 0a37ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_scroll 0a38a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_get_style 0a3a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_style 0a3b54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_clock             0a3d14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localclock.o)
mm_lowmemory             0a3d18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_alloc       0a3d30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_free        0a3d34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_replenish   0a3d38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_panic       0a3de8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
emergencymemory_cleanup  0a3e98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergencymemory       0a3f20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_mem_freed   0a3f8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
layers_hourglass_suspend 0a3fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_resume  0a3fe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_on      0a4014 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_off     0a4090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_tick    0a40f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
ro_set_hourglass_poll_interval 0a4170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
find_tag                 0a4184 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
add_tag                  0a41e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
layers_parseheader       0a4268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
layers_parseheader_argument 0a45f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
get_file_type_name       0a464c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(typenames.o)
get_plugin_type_name     0a46ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(typenames.o)
layers_set_modal         0a4714 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_clear_modal       0a4774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_is_modal          0a47b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_is_modal_count    0a47d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_win_is_modal      0a47e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_get_modal         0a4864 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers__modal_wait_alarm 0a4890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
modal_win_click          0a4894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_modal__wait       0a48c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_modal_wait        0a4964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_modal_wait_for_release 0a4978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
lang_compare_function    0a49b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
lang_name_to_num         0a49bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
lang_num_to_name         0a4a24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
lang_num_to_font         0a4a60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
mm_register_panicfn      0a4abc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
mm__call_panicfns        0a4b0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
mm_call_panicfns         0a4b98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
layers_network_observer_init 0a4c04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_network_call_observers 0a4c2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_network_add_connect_observer 0a4c98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_network_remove_connect_observer 0a4ce8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_atshutdown        0a4d64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
layers_shutdown_actions  0a4d90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
layers_buttonpeer_initialise 0a4dfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_create 0a4e50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_setposition 0a4ed0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_naturalsize 0a4fe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_writedata 0a5098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_dispose 0a50fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_add_uics 0a5184 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_set_colours 0a5208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_focus  0a5214 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_press  0a521c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_redraw        0a528c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_click         0a5450 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_click_logical 0a5534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_key           0a557c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_mouse         0a55a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_focus         0a564c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_blur          0a56b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
button_border            0a5700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
truncate_label           0a57c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_initialise 0a5890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
check_callback           0a5940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
get_colours              0a59c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
blurhandler              0a59f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_find_selectitem 0a5a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
find_first_selected_item 0a5a80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
immediate_redraw         0a5ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
item_box                 0a5af4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
do_update_mouse_pointer  0a5b58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
invalidate_item          0a5c20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_close_all_except 0a5cb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open  0a5d14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__close 0a5e58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_set_peer_win_size_to_open 0a5f40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_add_to_peer_list 0a60b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_remove_from_peer_list 0a60d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
select_item              0a614c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
fix_scroll_and_highlight 0a618c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
set_scroll_for_highlight 0a61fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
set_highlight_for_scroll 0a6204 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
scroll_parent_to_show_highlight 0a620c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
scroll_peer              0a62dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
move_highlight           0a63c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
move_highlight_to        0a6524 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
get_font                 0a6590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
draw_border              0a6600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
plot_graphic             0a6664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
copy_border              0a66bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
do_select_item           0a670c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_redraw 0a682c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_redraw 0a6b98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_click 0a6d38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_click_logical 0a6eac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_click 0a6ee4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_key 0a6f50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_key 0a6fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_mousemove 0a70e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_add_child_window 0a7218 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_create 0a72cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_additem 0a7484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_numitems 0a754c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_updateitem 0a7554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_removeitem 0a75b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_naturalsize 0a76d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_setposition 0a77e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_readdata 0a78e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_writedata 0a7970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_dispose 0a7a18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_open   0a7ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_get_style 0a7aec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_set_style 0a7b54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_focus  0a7bec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_redraw 0a7c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
ro_win_to_layers_win     0a7ccc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_ro_win_to_layers_win 0a7d38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_to_layers_ro_win 0a7d40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
box_from_riscos          0a7d48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
box_to_riscos            0a7d8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
redrawstr_from_riscos    0a7dc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
x_to_riscos              0a7e80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
y_to_riscos              0a7e94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
x_from_riscos            0a7eac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
y_from_riscos            0a7ec8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
draw_border              0a7ee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
border_width             0a7f88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
skip_disabled            0a7fb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_redraw                0a7fec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_mouseclick        0a808c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_mousemove         0a8270 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_keypress              0a83e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_keypress          0a84ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ptrmove_alarm            0a84ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_ptrenter_handler      0a862c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_ptrleave_handler      0a8664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_losecaret_handler     0a869c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_closewindow_handler   0a86ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_openwindow_handler    0a8738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_key_handler           0a87bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_redraw_handler        0a88e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_click_handler         0a899c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
rootwin_redraw           0a8a1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_update_screensize     0a8a48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
get_screenbox            0a8ae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
create_rootwin           0a8c78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_getinfo       0a8d48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
open_border_win          0a8e44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
force_redraw_border_win  0a8f54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_open_full     0a8f98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_reopen_rootwin        0a93f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_open          0a9520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
close_children           0a952c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_close         0a9578 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_thread        0a96d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_unthread      0a9704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_setextent     0a977c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_setextent             0a97ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_caret_invisible 0a9878 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_caret         0a98cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_caret         0a9a2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_caret_owner       0a9b0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_caret_ownedby     0a9b1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_caret_offer       0a9b60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_pointer 0a9c20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_visibility 0a9da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_mouse_visibility 0a9e80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_init_mouse_visibility 0a9e9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_invalidate    0a9f08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_update_immediate 0a9f6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_update        0aa014 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_reopen        0aa018 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_make_topmost  0aa1c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_make_bottommost 0aa208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
get_win                  0aa260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_get_next      0aa2b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_get_child     0aa2d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_getfunctions  0aa2dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_setfunctions  0aa2e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_get_logical_click_handler 0aa2ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_set_logical_click_handler 0aa2f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_gethandle     0aa2fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_sethandle     0aa304 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_set_flags     0aa30c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_get_mouse_pos         0aa3a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_mouse_pos     0aa448 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointer_limit            0aa4a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointer_limit_layers     0aa528 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointer_set_position     0aa598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_position 0aa628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_bounds  0aa6b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_native_key            0aa754 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_raw_key               0aa768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_set_raw_key           0aa77c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_rootwin       0aa790 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_rootwin_toolboxid 0aa7a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_get_rootwin_box       0aa814 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_win_cleanup           0aa868 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_win_initialise        0aa940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_bmp_redirect_output 0aaa08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_bmp_restore_output 0aaacc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_reset_origin          0aab20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_set_origin            0aab44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_win_clear_mouse_set_position 0aab5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_report_windows        0aab74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
riscos_set_border_colour 0aac68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_offset_box        0aaca8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(coords.o)
layers_in_rect           0aacdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(coords.o)
layers_box_intersect     0aad18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipbox.o)
layers_win_toscreen_box  0aadac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_toscreen_point 0aadcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_fromscreen_box 0aae00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_fromscreen_point 0aae24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_toscreen_box 0aae58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_toscreen_point 0aae78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_fromscreen_box 0aaeac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_fromscreen_point 0aaed0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
get_soundfx              0aaf04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
layers_sound_event       0aaf2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
layers_key_lookup_action 0aafb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ikeymap.o)
layers_win_is_parent_of  0ab030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(winutil.o)
check_edge_proximity     0ab080 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
scroll_request           0ab0c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
get_edges                0ab148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
autoscroll_alarm         0ab220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
layers_win_autoscroll_check 0ab348 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
layers_win_autoscroll_cancel 0ab4e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
layers_win_autoscroll_latch 0ab534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
substitute__lookup       0ab554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(substitute.o)
substitute               0ab5a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(substitute.o)
ro_record_terminate_start 0ab6c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
output_report            0ab6e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
ro_output_termination_report 0ab718 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
layers_terminate         0ab80c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
layers_claim_drag        0ab834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
layers_clear_drag        0ab848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
deliver_logical_click    0ab85c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
check_click_events       0ab9ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
layers_strlwr            0abac4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strlwr.o)
file_ensuredirs          0abb08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ensuredirs.o)
file_enumdir             0abb7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file_enum.o)
prefixcmp                0abc74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(prefixcmp.o)
layers_gmtime            0abccc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localgmtime.o)
layers_mktime            0abcd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localmktime.o)
layers_localtime         0abcd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(locallocaltime.o)
layers_box_union         0abcd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(box_union.o)
sprite__op               0abd44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
setfromarea              0abd50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_area_initialise   0abd64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_create            0abd80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
setfromtag               0abdd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_select_rp         0abe08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_put_given         0abe48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_put_scaled        0abea0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_put_mask_scaled   0abf08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_create_mask       0abf60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_readsize          0abf90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_restorestate      0abfe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_outputtosprite    0ac01c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_outputtomask      0ac080 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_sizeof_spritecontext 0ac0e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
layers_resspr_get_size   0ac124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resspr2.o)
layers_resspr_plot       0ac1a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resspr2.o)
get_encoding             0ac1f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_encoding_tidyup  0ac2a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_fn               0ac2fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_utf8_to_system_alphabet 0ac360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_encoding_to_utf8 0ac410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_encoding_to_utf8_sized 0ac458 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
layers_collate           0ac4bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
layers_init_locale       0ac538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
layers_setlocale         0ac580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
move_param               0ac584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
move_line                0ac5a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
intersect                0ac664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
polygon_direction        0ac72c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
layers_increase_polygon  0ac8f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
layers_polygon           0acc08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
os_swix                  0acc68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi                   0acc70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi0                  0acc7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi1                  0acca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi2                  0accc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi3                  0accdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi4                  0acd00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi6                  0acd38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi1r                 0acd74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi2r                 0acdb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi3r                 0acdf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi4r                 0ace38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi6r                 0aceb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_byte                  0acf68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_word                  0acfa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_gbpb                  0acfcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_file                  0acfd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_args                  0acfe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_find                  0acff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_cli                   0acffc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_read_var_val          0ad01c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
url_canonicalise         0ad068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_canon.o)
wimp_initialise          0ad148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_taskinit            0ad17c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_wind         0ad1cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_icon         0ad200 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_delete_wind         0ad234 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_delete_icon         0ad260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_open_wind           0ad290 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_open_wind2          0ad2c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_close_wind          0ad304 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_redraw_wind         0ad330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_update_wind         0ad364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_rectangle       0ad398 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_wind_state      0ad3cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_wind_state2     0ad400 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_wind_info       0ad45c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_icon_state      0ad484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_icon_info       0ad4b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_point_info      0ad500 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_drag_box            0ad548 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_force_redraw        0ad570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_caret_pos       0ad580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_caret_pos       0ad590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_menu         0ad5b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_decode_menu         0ad5e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_which_icon          0ad608 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_extent          0ad644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_point_shape     0ad670 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_open_template       0ad680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_close_template      0ad6a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_load_template       0ad6cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_processkey          0ad6dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_closedown           0ad6ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_taskclose           0ad710 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_starttask           0ad73c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_getwindowoutline    0ad760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_ploticon            0ad788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setmode             0ad7b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_readpalette         0ad7d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setpalette          0ad834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setcolour           0ad85c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_baseofsprites       0ad880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_blockcopy           0ad8a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_reporterror         0ad8f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_sendmessage         0ad8f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_sendwmessage        0ad910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_submenu      0ad93c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_slotsize            0ad964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_transferblock       0ad9a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_spriteop            0ad9d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_spriteop_full       0ad9fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setfontcolours      0ada0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_readpixtrans        0ada24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_commandwindow       0ada94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
layers_boxes_overlap     0adaf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(boxes_overlap.o)
split_message            0adb2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fmttext.o)
layers_write_text_in_box 0adc00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fmttext.o)
layers_write_text_in_box_height 0addac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fmttext.o)
print_pagesize           0ade28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_selectjob          0ade80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_endjob             0adf00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_abortjob           0adf58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_giverectangle      0adfb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_drawpage           0ae000 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_getrectangle       0ae068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_open               0ae0c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_close              0ae108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_command            0ae12c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_in_progress        0ae17c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
next_string              0ae2a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
next_num                 0ae308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
restore_font             0ae350 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
persist_font             0ae3d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
dispose_font             0ae5f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
font_config_init         0ae644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
layers_plinth            0ae6a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(renderplinth.o)
colourtran_select_table  0ae84c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_select_GCOLtable 0ae878 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_returnGCOL    0ae8a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_setGCOL       0ae8d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_colournumber 0ae924 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_GCOLformode 0ae958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_colourformode 0ae990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_OppGCOL 0ae9c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_setOppGCOL    0ae9fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_Oppcolournumber 0aea48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_OppGCOLformode 0aea7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_Oppcolourformode 0aeab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_GCOL_tocolournumber 0aeaec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_colournumbertoGCOL 0aeb20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_returnfontcolours 0aeb54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_setfontcolours 0aebcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_invalidate_cache 0aec44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_convert_device_colour 0aec68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
memzone_init             0aeca8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
memzone_alloc            0aed34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
memzone_tidy             0aedd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
memzone_destroy          0aee24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
layers_process_utf8_full 0aee50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(processutf8.o)
layers_process_utf8      0aef8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(processutf8.o)
layers_process_utf8_count 0aefc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(processutf8.o)
skip_space               0aeffc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(skipspace.o)
skip_space_or_comma      0af024 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(skipspace.o)
skip_to_space_or_comma   0af054 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(skipspace.o)
layers_version           0af07c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_release_date      0af08c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_build_time        0af0a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_build_date        0af0b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_setenv            0af0c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(setenv.o)
layers_getenv            0af0cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getenv.o)
layers_getenv_num        0af0d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getenv.o)
parse_val                0af108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_process_cmdline 0af188 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_flex_mem_size   0af2a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_flex_mem_size_set 0af2b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_heap_mem_size   0af2cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_heap_mem_size_set 0af2e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_dont_open_window 0af2f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
da_resizer               0af308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_findbyname            0af364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_init                  0af418 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_freeall               0af444 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_allocator             0af494 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_report                0af598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
sbrk                     0af620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_extend_top        0af744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
MemHeap_malloc           0af91c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
MemHeap_free             0afd90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_trim              0affe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
bin_init                 0b00d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
heap_init                0b015c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
heap_stats               0b01a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
cleanup                  0b0214 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap2_init               0b0224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_realloc             0b02cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_alloc               0b0470 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_free                0b047c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_allocmode           0b0530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_dump_to_fn          0b0534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_dump                0b060c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
ro_requeue_key           0b061c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
ro_requeue_event         0b0674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
ro_requeue_toolbox       0b06d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
ro_requeue_process_next  0b0734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
kernel_rma_alloc         0b0784 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
kernel_rma_free          0b07cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
rma_claim                0b07e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
rma_release              0b086c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_claim           0b08a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_release         0b090c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_address         0b0958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_block           0b0970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
lookup_tag               0b09fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
find_tag                 0b0a8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
tag_value                0b0b0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
confman_env_create       0b0b14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
internetevent_claim      0b0e70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
internetevent_release    0b0efc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_claim         0b0f5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_release       0b0fd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_set           0b1034 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_get           0b10a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_cleanup       0b1108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
ro_socketpoll_handler    0b1144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
ro_modechange_handler    0b1170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_modechange.o)
ro_modechange_initialise 0b11c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_modechange.o)
layers_clipboard_clear   0b11d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_set     0b11dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_get     0b1210 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_contains 0b127c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
clipboard_handler        0b1280 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_initialise 0b12c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
process_combining_key    0b1314 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
combinerfep_callback     0b1420 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
layers_combinerfep_cleanup 0b1474 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
layers_combinerfep_initialise 0b1488 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
get_positive_selection_bounds 0b14bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
clear_highlight          0b14f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
clear_selected           0b1560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
copy_selected            0b15ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
cut_selected             0b15f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
delete_selected          0b1668 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
replace_selected         0b16b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
paste_selected           0b1720 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
adjust_selected          0b17b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_replace_char      0b187c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_cut               0b18b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_copy              0b18e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_paste             0b1918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_delete            0b1954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_left       0b1984 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_right      0b1990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_up         0b199c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_down       0b19bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_start_of_line 0b19dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_end_of_line 0b19e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_line       0b19f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_all        0b1a94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_newline           0b1b10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_left        0b1b5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_right       0b1b90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_up          0b1bc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_down        0b1bf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_drag_move         0b1c2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_drag_start        0b1cac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_drag_end          0b1cc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
call_fn                  0b1cf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
process_key              0b1d14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
process_single_click     0b1de8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
selectionfep_callback    0b1e9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
layers_selectionfep_cleanup 0b2088 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
layers_selectionfep_initialise 0b209c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
layers_textareapeer_select 0b20e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
checkswi                 0b2124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_process_key          0b2128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_cancel               0b2280 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_get_candidate_list_info 0b2304 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_get_candidate_list_entry 0b2374 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_supports_language    0b23c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_claim                0b2404 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_deviceclaim       0b243c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_deviceclaim_bounce 0b245c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_deviceinuse       0b24b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_imechanged        0b250c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
message_imechanged_handler 0b2514 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
message_deviceinuse_handler 0b2534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
message_deviceclaim_handler 0b2558 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
messageack_handler       0b258c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
claim_ime_device         0b25c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ro_ime_cleanup           0b2664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ro_ime_initialise        0b266c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
htmlise_strdup           0b26ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(htmlise.o)
filewatcher_poll         0b27f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
filewatcher_init         0b28d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
filewatcher_final        0b2998 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
layers_set_notify        0b29fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(notify2.o)
layers_notify_event      0b2a18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(notify2.o)
layers_nvram_read        0b2a40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_write       0b2aa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_read 0b2b00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_write 0b2ba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_read_check 0b2c48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_write_check 0b2cac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
coords_x_toscreen        0b2d08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_y_toscreen        0b2d1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_x_toworkarea      0b2d30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_y_toworkarea      0b2d44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_box_toscreen      0b2d58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_box_toworkarea    0b2db4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_point_toscreen    0b2e10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_point_toworkarea  0b2e4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_withinbox         0b2e88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_offsetbox         0b2f2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_intersects        0b2f60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_boxesoverlap      0b2fd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
resource_get             0b301c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_resources.o)
resource_release         0b30a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_resources.o)
boolean_text_restore     0b30d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
string_text_restore      0b3160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
signed_decimal_text_restore 0b31a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
unsigned_decimal_text_restore 0b31cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
hex_text_restore         0b31f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
character_text_restore   0b3224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_number_text_list_restore 0b3268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_unsigned_list_text_restore 0b3378 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_signed_list_text_restore 0b3380 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
hex_list_text_restore    0b3388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
unsigned_decimal_list_text_restore 0b3394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
signed_decimal_list_text_restore 0b33a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_free_simple_element 0b33ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
utf8_accumulate          0b33d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
riscos_latin1_to_UCS4    0b3470 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
layers_key_to_UCS4       0b34a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
menu_get_entry_help_message 0b35d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_get_click_event     0b3644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_add_entry           0b367c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_get_height          0b36e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_get_sub_menu_show   0b371c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_set_fade            0b3754 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_set_tick            0b378c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_set_extent        0b37c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_get_extent        0b37fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_force_redraw      0b3834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_get_wimp_handle   0b386c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_wimp_to_toolbox   0b38a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_get_flags         0b3918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_set_flags         0b3950 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_get_bbox          0b3988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_move_gadget       0b39c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_show_object      0b39f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_get_object_state 0b3a40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_get_object_class 0b3a78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_delete_object    0b3ab0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_create_object    0b3ac8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_template_lookup  0b3b00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_hide_object      0b3b38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_state     0b3b50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_set_state     0b3b8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_ident     0b3bc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_pressed   0b3c14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_set_pressed   0b3c50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_action    0b3c8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
writablefield_set_value  0b3d08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
writablefield_get_value  0b3d40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_set_fade  0b3d94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_get_fade  0b3e0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_selectable 0b3e78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_setfield  0b3ec0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_getwriteable 0b403c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_setval    0b40f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_setstate  0b41ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_window_handle 0b41f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_toolactionpress 0b4228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
xfgets                   0b428c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(xfgets.o)
fskipline                0b4320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fskipline.o)
strcasestr               0b4350 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcasestr.o)
layers_strftime          0b43c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
ro_strftime              0b4400 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
layers_browser_strftime  0b4508 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
layers_fep_register      0b46a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
layers_fep_deregister    0b46e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
layers_fep_call          0b4728 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
colour_compare_function  0b4e24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
layers_colour_lookup_name 0b4e30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
layers_colour_parse_number 0b5008 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
layers_colour_parse      0b5118 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
linklist_addtohead       0b5170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_addtotail       0b5190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_listlength      0b51b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_unlink          0b51dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_contains        0b5208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
MemHeap_realloc          0b5234 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(realloc.o)
malloc_update_mallinfo   0b5504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
malloc_stats             0b55c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
MemHeap_mallinfo         0b55c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
MemHeap_mallopt          0b5604 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
confman__build_tag_name  0b5668 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_text_persist_header 0b56bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
string__text_persist     0b5800 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
boolean_text_persist     0b5890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
string_text_persist      0b58e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
signed_decimal_text_persist 0b591c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
unsigned_decimal_text_persist 0b597c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
hex_text_persist         0b59dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
character_text_persist   0b5a40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
comment_text_persist     0b5a80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
number_list_text_persist 0b5aac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
hex_list_text_persist    0b5b84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
unsigned_decimal_list_text_persist 0b5bcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
signed_decimal_list_text_persist 0b5c14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
compare_tags             0b5cec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
sort_config              0b5d34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
search_config            0b5dc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
find_tag                 0b5e00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
tag_value                0b5eb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
count_lines              0b5ec8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
trim_value               0b5f48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
parse_config             0b5f7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
persist_undeclared       0b6284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
persist_file             0b638c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
text_dispose             0b64ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman__text_create     0b6518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_text_create_data 0b65fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_text_create      0b664c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_find_element     0b6688 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
find_datatype            0b66a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_find_component   0b66c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
info_array_scan          0b6710 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
data_array_build         0b675c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
restore_element          0b6854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__restore_component 0b6920 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
refind_tags              0b6978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
persist__element         0b69fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
persist_element          0b6ae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__persist_component 0b6b64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__undeclare_component 0b6c2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_dispose          0b6d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_restore  0b6dc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_persist  0b6df4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_declare_component 0b6f08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_undeclare_component 0b6fb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_merge    0b6fec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__ensure_space    0b702c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_replace_string   0b709c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
make_sockaddr            0b70f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
get_addrport             0b7168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
canonicalerror_internal  0b71c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_name       0b7220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_parse_addr        0b7288 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_connect    0b72a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_recv       0b7374 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_send       0b73ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_open       0b7464 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_bind       0b74ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_accept     0b7574 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_listen     0b7608 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_getinfo    0b7620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_reuseaddr  0b76b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socketioctl2             0b7700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_change_socket_direction 0b7770 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_make_socket_asynchronous 0b7778 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_async_change_handle 0b7820 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_close      0b7854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_recvready  0b793c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_sendready  0b7a18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
ro_sockets_report        0b7af0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
url__canonicalise_path   0b7b88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_cpath.o)
akbd_pollsh              0b7c94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
akbd_pollctl             0b7ce8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
akbd_pollalt             0b7d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
akbd_pollkey             0b7d90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
webfonts__parse_mapping_line 0b7e38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfonts_parse_mapping_file 0b80bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_mapping_find_typeface 0b8320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_mapping_tidyup   0b841c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
font_cacheaddress        0b8494 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_find                0b84e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_lose                0b8520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readdef             0b8544 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readinfo            0b85a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_strwidth            0b85ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_paint               0b865c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_caret               0b8684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_converttoos         0b86b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_converttopoints     0b86f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setfont             0b8730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_current             0b8754 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_future              0b879c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_findcaret           0b87e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_charbbox            0b8844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readscalefactor     0b8894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setscalefactor      0b88d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_list                0b88f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setcolour           0b8974 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setpalette          0b899c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readthresholds      0b89c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setthresholds       0b89f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_findcaretj          0b8a18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_stringbbox          0b8a80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_to_null      0b8acc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_size         0b8b40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_to_buffer    0b8b84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_to_screen    0b8bf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
layers_esc_separator     0b8c24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(escaped_string.o)
layers_esc_strncpy       0b8c78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(escaped_string.o)
bbc_mode                 0b8cf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_palette              0b8d20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_tint                 0b8dac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_point                0b8e44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vduvar               0b8e74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vduvars              0b8eac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vduq                 0b8ec0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_clg                  0b8f48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_gwindow              0b8f50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_origin               0b8fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_gcol                 0b9008 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_move                 0b904c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_moveby               0b905c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_draw                 0b906c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_drawby               0b907c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_rectangle            0b908c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_rectanglefill        0b9114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_circle               0b9148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_circlefill           0b9180 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_fill                 0b91b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_cls                  0b91c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_colour               0b91d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_pos                  0b91fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vpos                 0b9228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_cursor               0b9254 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_tab                  0b9290 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_stringprint          0b92d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_soundon              0b92e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_soundoff             0b930c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_voices               0b9330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_getbeat              0b9368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_getbeats             0b9394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_setbeats             0b93bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_gettempo             0b93dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_settempo             0b9408 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_stereo               0b9428 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_sound                0b9450 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_adval                0b94b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_inkey                0b9524 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
ro_get_image_trans       0b9570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imagetrans.o)
layers_box_calculate_offset 0b9838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(box_calcoffset.o)
layers_box_resize        0b98b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(box_resize.o)
set_sprite_name          0b9a0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_white_byte           0b9a3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
fillin_scales            0b9a44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_put_bytes            0b9aa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_seek_fn              0b9be4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_rec_fn               0b9bf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_free_component       0b9d78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic__ready_component     0b9e14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
find_uic                 0b9f74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_ready_component      0b9fc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_ready_animation_component 0ba074 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_initialise           0ba11c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
encoding__load_map_file  0ba1f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(encodingmap.o)
encoding_current_alphabet 0ba3d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(encodingmap.o)
encoding_alphabet_ucs_table 0ba410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(encodingmap.o)
socketpoll               0ba470 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets2.o)
find_item                0ba590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
list_bestitem            0ba5d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_eventhandler   0ba628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
claim_clipboard          0ba860 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard__Create        0ba8d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Create         0ba980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_CreateList     0ba9b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Destroy        0ba9e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Data           0baa50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Local          0baa7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
copy_list                0baa90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
send_request             0baad4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Paste          0bab90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
layers_imefep_control    0babcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_enabled    0bac34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_active     0bac44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
imefep_callback          0bac64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_cleanup    0baea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_initialise 0baebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_configuration_restore 0baf34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_fns.o)
layers_configuration_persist 0baf8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_fns.o)
$a                       0baf9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
bbc_get                  0baf9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
C$$code                  0baf9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
bbc_vduw                 0bafac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
bbc_vdu                  0bafb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
imesupport_process_key   0bafc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imesupport.o)
imesupport_cancel        0bb260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imesupport.o)
ime_menu_clear           0bb364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_dispose         0bb3e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
get_font                 0bb420 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_create          0bb484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_update_selection 0bb5c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
get_offset               0bb6ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_show            0bb704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
scan_attr                0bb850 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imeattr.o)
ime_attr_update_list     0bb8fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imeattr.o)
ime_attr_get_significant 0bb964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imeattr.o)
find_enclist             0bc094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_new             0bc0d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_delete          0bc1ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_reset           0bc1f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_read            0bc21c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_write           0bc26c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_max_char_size   0bc294 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_default_language 0bc2bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_default_mime_type 0bc2e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_table_ptr       0bc350 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_n_table_entries 0bc360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_lookup_in_table 0bc370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_table_free      0bc3bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_initialise      0bc41c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_tidyup          0bc438 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_table_remove_unused 0bc480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
look_for_table           0bc4fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
add_to_list              0bc568 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
mime_token_char          0bc584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding__number_from_name 0bc614 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_set_flags       0bc704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_number_from_name 0bc71c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_load_map_file   0bc768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_discard_map_file 0bc8a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_set_alloc_fns   0bc8b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
UCS4_to_UTF8             0bc8d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_to_UCS4             0bc960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_codelen             0bca90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_seqlen              0bcadc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_next                0bcb2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_prev                0bcb58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_next_n              0bcb6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_strlen_n            0bcbb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_strlen              0bcbf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
unictype_lookup          0bcc34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
unictype_init            0bcc74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
unictype_is_ideograph    0bcc78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
get_return_val           0bce38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(autojp.o)
autojp_consume           0bce68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(autojp.o)
autojp_consume_string    0bd02c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(autojp.o)
combine_characters       0bd0c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(combine.o)
ascii_read               0bd170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ascii.o)
ascii_write              0bd1e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ascii.o)
simple_double_next_code_94 0bd248 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
null_double_next_code    0bd2c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
simple_next_code_94      0bd2d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
simple_next_code_96      0bd334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
null_next_code_94        0bd364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
null_next_code_96        0bd390 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_ls               0bd39c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_lsr              0bd3b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_ss               0bd3c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_find_table       0bd40c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
set_free                 0bd4c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_select_set       0bd508 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_free_write_tables 0bd628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_delete           0bd678 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_reset            0bd6cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_esc              0bd8f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_esc_cont         0bd914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_read             0bdb84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
write_index              0bddd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_scan_tables      0bde78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_write_shifts     0bdf00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_scan_sets        0be284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_write_euc        0be300 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
kanji_to_ucs             0be42c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_reset           0be554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_read            0be5f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
lookup_table             0be764 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_write           0be854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_delete          0be9b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
utf7_reset               0bea3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
utf7_read                0bea50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
output                   0bec30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
utf7_write               0bec60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
utf8_reset               0beedc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
utf8_read                0bef00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
utf8_write               0bf078 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
ucs4_reset               0bf120 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
ucs4_read                0bf140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
write_be                 0bf23c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
write_le                 0bf260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
ucs4_write               0bf288 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
utf16_reset              0bf364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
utf16_read               0bf384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
write_be                 0bf4c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
write_le                 0bf4d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
utf16_write              0bf4f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
bigfive_to_ucs           0bf638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_reset            0bf6b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_read             0bf700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_write            0bf7c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_delete           0bf8b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
eightbit_reset           0bf8c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
eightbit_read            0bf910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
eightbit_write           0bf9a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
eightbit_delete          0bfa40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
hangul_to_ucs            0bfa50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
hanja_to_ucs             0bfb44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_reset              0bfbb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_read               0bfc08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
ucs_hangul_to_johab      0bfd64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
ucs_jamo_to_johab        0bfde4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_write              0bfe0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_delete             0bff68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
window_offset            0bff78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
default_lock_to          0bffd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
scsu_reset               0c0004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
scsu_read                0c00d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
window_offset_for_character 0c0450 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
find_dynamic_window      0c04bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
find_dynamic_window_with_next 0c0504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
find_static_window       0c0558 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
lru_window               0c0598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
is_valid_ascii           0c05cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
is_single_byte           0c0600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
output                   0c0648 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
scsu_write               0c0674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
acorn_write              0c0e90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(acorn.o)
system_reset             0c0f28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
system_read              0c0fc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
system_write             0c1040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
system_delete            0c10ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
dispatch                 0c1108 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_dispatch           0c1134 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_poll               0c1158 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_poll_idle          0c11f0 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_register_wimp_handler 0c1278 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_wimp_handler 0c127c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_wimp_handlers_for_object 0c1280 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_register_toolbox_handler 0c1284 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_toolbox_handler 0c1288 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_toolbox_handlers_for_object 0c128c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_register_message_handler 0c1290 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_message_handler 0c1294 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_set_mask           0c1298 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_get_mask           0c12b0 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_initialise         0c12d4 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
make_error               0c12f0 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
hash                     0c1304 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
toolbox_event_matches    0c1334 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
call_toolbox_handlers    0c1380 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_dispatch         0c1448 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_register_toolbox_handler 0c14f4 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_deregister_toolbox_handler 0c15f4 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_deregister_toolbox_handlers_for_object 0c1718 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
make_error               0c17e8 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_message_matches  0c17fc + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_dispatch         0c1830 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_register_message_handler 0c18e8 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_deregister_message_handler 0c19ac + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
make_error               0c1a50 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimp_event_matches       0c1a64 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
call_wimp_event_handlers 0c1abc + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_dispatch       0c1b8c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_register_wimp_handler 0c1c50 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_deregister_wimp_handler 0c1d50 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_deregister_wimp_handlers_for_object 0c1e64 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
htonl                    0c1f34 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
htons                    0c1f38 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
ntohl                    0c1f3c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
ntohs                    0c1f50 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
inet_addr                0c1f64 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.inet_addr)
inet_aton                0c1f8c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.inet_addr)
$a                       0c211c + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Stub$$Code               0c211c + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_clib_initialisemodule   0c2248 + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_clib_entermodule        0c2264 + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$d                       0c2284 + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$d                       0c22d4 + |RTSK$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
RTSK$$Data               0c22d4 + |RTSK$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Stub$$Entries            0c22d4 + |Stub$$Entries| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
config_data_access       0c22fc + |C$$data| from object file objr/access_config.o
access_config_info       0c232c + |C$$data| from object file objr/access_config.o
access_schemes           0c258c + |C$$data| from object file objr/access2.o
access_pending_list      0c25a8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/access2.o
user_agent_hdr           0c25ac + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
content_type_hdr         0c25b8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
accept_type_hdr          0c25c4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
accept_language_hdr      0c25d0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
accept_charset_hdr       0c25dc + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
authenticate_hdr         0c25e8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
proxy_authenticate_hdr   0c25f4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
referer_hdr              0c2600 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
from_hdr                 0c260c + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
nocache_hdr              0c2618 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
host_hdr                 0c2624 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_scheme_list       0c2630 + |C$$data| from object file objr/accscheme.o
mime_assocs              0c2634 + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
g_default_plugin_module  0c2638 + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
g_default_plugin_adaptor 0c263c + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
plugin_assoc_is_initialised 0c2640 + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
realm_first              0c2644 + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
realm_last               0c2648 + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_first               0c264c + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_last                0c2650 + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_type_names          0c2654 + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
allow_list               0c2660 + |C$$data| from object file objr/authallow.o
deny_list                0c2664 + |C$$data| from object file objr/authallow.o
document_list            0c2668 + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
logged__on               0c2678 + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
browser_list             0c267c + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
connection_status        0c2680 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
next_view_id             0c2684 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_available_fn_table 0c2688 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_map_NORMAL   0c2698 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_map_FRAME_LINK 0c274c + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_map_INPUT    0c2794 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_maps         0c286c + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_w              0c2890 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_fns     0c2894 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwinfns               0c28e8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
viewfns                  0c28fc + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_dx              0c2910 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_dy              0c2914 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
config_data_browser      0c2930 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser_config.o
browser_config_info      0c2960 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser_config.o
diskcache                0c2f10 + |C$$data| from object file objr/cache5.o
domain_list              0c2f3c + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_count             0c2f40 + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_len               0c2f58 + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_http_header       0c2f5c + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
frame_link_sprite_uhl    0c2f6c + |C$$data| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_sprite_hl     0c2f7c + |C$$data| from object file objr/framelinks.o
spacer_w_fns             0c2f8c + |C$$data| from object file objr/frameutils.o
spacer_animation_w       0c2fa0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/frameutils.o
gbf_flags                0c2fa4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/gbf.o
hl_render_fs             0c2fa8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/highlight.o
hl_render_aref           0c2fb4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/highlight.o
hl_render_win_box        0c2fb8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/highlight.o
history_id_value         0c2fc8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/history2.o
global_hist_list         0c2fcc + |C$$data| from object file objr/history_global.o
global_count             0c2fd0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/history_global.o
global_id_value          0c2fd4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/history_global.o
oimage__map              0c2fd8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
oimage__map_max          0c2fe0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
cont                     0c2fe8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
t_last                   0c2fec + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
b_suspend_animations     0c2ffc + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
image_list               0c3000 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
image_last               0c3004 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
being_fetched            0c3008 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
do_memory_panic          0c300c + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
disallow_memory_panic    0c3010 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
iSuppressRecursiveFetch  0c3014 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
next_callback            0c3018 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
plotters                 0c301c + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
translators              0c303c + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
config_data_larch        0c3068 + |C$$data| from object file objr/larch_config.o
larch_config_info        0c3098 + |C$$data| from object file objr/larch_config.o
divider_current_index    0c3128 + |C$$data| from object file objr/layout.o
object_table             0c312c + |C$$data| from object file objr/object.o
button_names             0c33e4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/oinput.o
have_selected_sprites    0c3404 + |C$$data| from object file objr/oinput.o
paginate                 0c3418 + |C$$data| from object file objr/printing.o
last_page                0c341c + |C$$data| from object file objr/printing.o
job                      0c3420 + |C$$data| from object file objr/printing.o
no_ridcheck              0c3424 + |C$$data| from object file objr/ridcheck.o
MIME_TYPE                0c3428 + |C$$data| from object file objr/submit.o
halign_table             0c3460 + |C$$data| from object file objr/tables.o
valign_table             0c3498 + |C$$data| from object file objr/tables.o
no_value                 0c34c0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/tables.o
hexchars                 0c34f0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/url.o
program_name             0c3504 + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
ua_name                  0c3508 + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
client_version           0c350c + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
version                  0c3510 + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
ua_subs                  0c3514 + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
valid_plugins_list       0c353c + |C$$data| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
valid_streams_list       0c3540 + |C$$data| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_adaptor_class     0c3544 + |C$$data| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
build_time               0c358c + |C$$data| from object file objr/buildtime.o
build_date               0c3598 + |C$$data| from object file objr/buildtime.o
wimp_version             0c35a4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
entered_modal_loop       0c35a8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
ro_disable_all_events    0c35ac + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
message_codes            0c35b0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
m_block                  0c365c + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
tb_block                 0c366c + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
tb_task_handle           0c3684 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
tb_list                  0c3688 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
active                   0c368c + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
last_event               0c3690 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
class_names              0c3694 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_name_password_cb 0c36e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_password_cb  0c36ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_password_handle 0c36f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_current_okcancel_cancel 0c36f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_current_prompt_response 0c36f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
g_browser                0c381c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_window                0c3820 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
current_view             0c3824 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
g_browser_cbs            0c3828 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
cli_url                  0c386c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
sections                 0c3878 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
backend_key_maps         0c38bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
list                     0c38f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
list_size                0c38fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
writeables_map           0c3900 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
status_state             0c3904 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_static_animation_withtoolbar 0c3908 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_static_all_components_fade 0c390c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
turn_ctr                 0c3910 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
turn_start               0c3914 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
bar_descriptor_list      0c3918 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
bar_list                 0c391c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_cycle_codec           0c3920 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tile_sprite              0c3924 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
toolbar_alarm_database   0c3928 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
config_data_fe_pelican   0c392c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
fe_pelican_config_info   0c3968 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
fe_pelican_datatypes     0c3c28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
goto_url_list            0c3c64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
goto_url_subs            0c3c68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
goto_url_node_2          0c3c80 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
goto_url_node_1          0c3c8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
hotlist_changed          0c3c98 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_count            0c3c9c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_category_count   0c3ca0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
subs_0_buf               0c3ca4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_subs             0c3cac + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
subs_cat_buf             0c3ce4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_cat_subs         0c3cec + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_4           0c3d1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_3           0c3d28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_2           0c3d34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_1           0c3d40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_cats_node_2      0c3d4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_cats_node_1      0c3d58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
content_tag_list         0c3e2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
toolbar_plugin           0c3e64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
toolbar_id               0c3e68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
is_helper                0c3e6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
current_actions_bitfield 0c3e70 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
recording                0c3e74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
blank_time               0c3e78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
fe_internal_memdump_string1 0c3e7c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
SENDURL_PREFIX           0c4154 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
loadurl_last             0c4164 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_action_table 0c4170 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_defs         0c42c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_defs2        0c42d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_panel_function_table 0c42e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
osk_context              0c4454 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
oskfep_class             0c448c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
print__copies            0c4498 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
print_sizes              0c449c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
print__first             0c44ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
subs_0_buf               0c4500 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
subs_3_buf               0c4508 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
subs_6_buf               0c4510 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
hist_subs                0c4518 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
recent_hist_node_2       0c4570 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
recent_hist_node_1       0c457c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_a_hist_node_2     0c4588 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_a_hist_node_1     0c4594 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_t_hist_node_2     0c45a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_t_hist_node_1     0c45ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
include_frames           0c45b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
def_callback             0c45bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
file_parsers             0c4624 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
lcralign_table           0c4684 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
jalign_table             0c46ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
css__weight_bolder       0c46e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css__weight_lighter      0c4714 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
autofix                  0c4750 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
htmldefs_stringtable     0c4808 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_stringlengths   0c4c94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_templates       0c4db8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_requirements    0c4e98 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_attributeslist  0c54f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_attributestable 0c5990 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_elements        0c5ea0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_language        0c6b6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
ol_type_match            0c6be8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
empty_string             0c6bf0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
space_string             0c6bf8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
eol_string               0c6c00 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
esearch_stringtable      0c6c10 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
parse_table              0c6c28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
entity_names             0c6c64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
pc_translate_keys        0c71f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
connections              0c7234 + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httpthreaded             0c723c + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
connections              0c7240 + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftpthreaded           0c7248 + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
config_data_css          0c724c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css_config.o)
css_config_info          0c727c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css_config.o)
CSS_DBREF_HEAD           0c72ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
css_dbh                  0c72b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
match_pos                0c72b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
pseudo_table             0c72b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
yy_current_buffer        0c72d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_hold_char             0c72d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_n_chars               0c72d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yyleng                   0c72dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_c_buf_p               0c72e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_init                  0c72e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_start                 0c72e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_did_buffer_switch_on_eof 0c72ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_accept                0c72f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_ec                    0c7d64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_meta                  0c8164 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_base                  0c824c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_def                   0c8d50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_nxt                   0c9854 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_chk                   0cc530 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_last_accepting_state  0cf20c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_last_accepting_cpos   0cf210 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yytext                   0cf214 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
unit_div                 0cf218 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
comment_caller           0cf248 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
css_working_buffer       0cf24c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
recover                  0cf250 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__dbh                  0cf254 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__sel_parser           0cf258 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__order                0cf25c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__good_selectors       0cf260 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__bad_selector         0cf264 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__allow_import         0cf268 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
p_cache                  0cf26c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
repeat_count             0cf27c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
float_flag               0cf280 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__override             0cf284 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
ffamily                  0cf288 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
n_ffamily                0cf28c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
ff_len                   0cf290 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yytranslate              0cf294 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yyr1                     0cf3e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yyr2                     0cf4dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yydefact                 0cf5d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yydefgoto                0cf7e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yypact                   0cf828 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yypgoto                  0cfa34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yytable                  0cfa78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yycheck                  0cfd00 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yychar                   0cff88 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yylval                   0cff8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yynerrs                  0cff9c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
config_data_webimage     0cffac + |C$$data| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage_config.o)
webimage_config_info     0cffdc + |C$$data| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage_config.o)
jpeg_decoder             0d0014 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
jpeg_std_message_table   0d0020 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
first_pool_slop          0d01fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
extra_pool_slop          0d0204 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
jpeg_zigzag_order        0d020c + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jpeg_natural_order       0d030c + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
base_dither_matrix       0d044c + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
extend_test              0d05d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
extend_offset            0d0618 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
extend_test              0d0658 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
extend_offset            0d0698 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
alpha_threshold          0d06d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
dither_table             0d06dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
png_decoder              0d16dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
png_gamma_shift          0d16e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
onebppswaptable          0d1708 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
twobppswaptable          0d1808 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
fourbppswaptable         0d1908 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_libpng_ver           0d1a08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sig                  0d1a14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_IHDR                 0d1a1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_IDAT                 0d1a24 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_IEND                 0d1a2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_PLTE                 0d1a34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_bKGD                 0d1a3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_cHRM                 0d1a44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_gAMA                 0d1a4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_hIST                 0d1a54 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_iCCP                 0d1a5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_iTXt                 0d1a64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_oFFs                 0d1a6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pCAL                 0d1a74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sCAL                 0d1a7c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pHYs                 0d1a84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sBIT                 0d1a8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sPLT                 0d1a94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sRGB                 0d1a9c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_tEXt                 0d1aa4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_tIME                 0d1aac + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_tRNS                 0d1ab4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_zTXt                 0d1abc + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_start           0d1ac4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_inc             0d1ae0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_ystart          0d1afc + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_yinc            0d1b18 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_mask            0d1b34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_dsp_mask        0d1b50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_digit                0d1b74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
nStackCount              0d1ba4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
stack                    0d1ba8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
gif_decoder              0d1bb8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
masks                    0d1bc4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(lzw.o)
s_decode_sprite2         0d1bf8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
s_decode_xbm             0d1c04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
crc_table                0d1c14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(crc32.o)
border                   0d2014 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
z_errmsg                 0d2060 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
z_verbose                0d2088 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
inflate_mask             0d208c + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infutil.o)
inflate_copyright        0d20d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cplens                   0d2100 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cplext                   0d217c + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cpdist                   0d21f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cpdext                   0d2270 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_bl                 0d22e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_bd                 0d22ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_tl                 0d22f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_td                 0d32f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
flexptr__base            0d33f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flexptr__free            0d33f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flexptr__slot            0d33f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex__page               0d33fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex__inited             0d3400 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
FlexShrinkable           0d3404 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
s_pfnResize              0d3408 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
s_pvClientContext        0d340c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
alarms                   0d3410 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
set_cb                   0d3414 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
set_cb_context           0d3418 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
callback_required        0d341c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
resolveList              0d3420 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
cm_manager               0d3424 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
alt_manager              0d3428 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
msgs_block               0d3430 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
msgs_data                0d3454 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
my_sprite_area           0d3458 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
tmpnam_buf               0d3460 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
count                    0d34b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
enable_anti_twitter      0d34b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
flex_ptr_list            0d34bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
netconnect               0d34c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
error_copy_index         0d34c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
spriteextend_version     0d34c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
gopherentries            0d34cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_join.o)
months                   0d3514 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
encode_table             0d3544 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uuencode.o)
pr2six                   0d3588 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uudecode.o)
font_version             0d3688 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
have_symbol_font         0d368c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
fonts_opened             0d3690 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
fonts_closed             0d3694 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
local_cached_bg_col      0d3698 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
local_cached_fg_col      0d369c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
looked_up_symbol_font    0d36a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
dyn_font                 0d36a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
max_dyn_font             0d36a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__currentfont     0d36b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
lastrun                  0d36d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
runnable_list            0d36dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_list                0d36e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
defaultkeymap            0d3700 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
selectiondefaultkeymap   0d37cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
actions_base             0d385c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
actions_noedit           0d38c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
actions_nocaret          0d3934 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_win_fns     0d39a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
emergency_size           0d39b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
emergency_lumps          0d39b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
low_memory               0d39f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_task                  0d39fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_taskhalt              0d3a00 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_freehalt              0d3a04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mem_still_low            0d3a08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
hourglass_count          0d3a0c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
hourglass_next_notify    0d3a10 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
hourglass_next_poll      0d3a14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
hourglass_poll_interval  0d3a18 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
g_modal                  0d3a1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
g_win                    0d3a20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
modal_wait_fns           0d3a38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
modal_wait_for_release_fns 0d3a4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
languages                0d3a60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
panicfns                 0d3ac0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
observer_list            0d3ae4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
observer_next            0d3aec + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
shutdown_count           0d3af0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
buttonpeer_fns           0d3af4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
ps_peer_list_head        0d3b08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
widget_size              0d3b0c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
dropdown_size            0d3b14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
selectpeer_default_keymap 0d3b1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_win_fns 0d3b7c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_win_fns 0d3b90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
s_caret                  0d3ba4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
s_mouse                  0d3bc0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
native_key               0d3be4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
raw_key                  0d3be8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
windows                  0d3bec + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
rootwin                  0d3bf4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_origin                0d3bf8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
root_is_full_screen      0d3c00 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
windows_created          0d3c04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
windows_deleted          0d3c08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
rootwin_fns              0d3c0c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointers                 0d3c2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
invisibility_count       0d3c8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
limits_16bit             0d3c90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
sound_events_base        0d3ca0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
sound_events_private     0d3cd0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
autoscroll               0d3d80 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
terminate_time           0d3d94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
drag_claim_w             0d3d98 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
to_csAcornFuzzy_encoding 0d3db4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
to_csCurrent_encoding    0d3db8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
from_csWindows1252       0d3dbc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
from_csCurrent_encoding  0d3dc0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
print_save_origin        0d3dc4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
active_job               0d3dcc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
config_data_font         0d3dd0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
font_config_info         0d3e04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
font_datatypes           0d3f44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
flex_mem_size            0d3f58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
flex_mem_size_set        0d3f5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
heap_mem_size            0d3f60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
heap_mem_size_set        0d3f64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
bDontOpenWindow          0d3f68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
ma                       0d3f6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
das                      0d3f7c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
atexit_done              0d3f8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
init_done                0d3f90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
av_                      0d3f94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
av_init                  0d439c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
trim_threshold           0d47a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
top_pad                  0d47a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
n_mmaps_max              0d47ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
mmap_threshold           0d47b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
sbrk_base                0d47b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
max_sbrked_mem           0d47b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
max_total_mem            0d47bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
current_mallinfo         0d47c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
n_mmaps                  0d47e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
mmapped_mem              0d47ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
mem_size                 0d47f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_base              0d47f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
block_base               0d47f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_size              0d47fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
meta_fn                  0d4800 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
meta_fn_handle           0d4804 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
heap__da                 0d4808 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
da_size                  0d480c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap__base               0d4810 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap__size               0d4814 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
event_queue              0d4818 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
rmaptr                   0d4820 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_claims          0d4824 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
confman_env_standard_datatypes 0d4828 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
config_data_window       0d4908 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(window_config.o)
window_config_info       0d4938 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(window_config.o)
config_data_riscos       0d49f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(riscos_config.o)
riscos_config_info       0d4a28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(riscos_config.o)
config_data_net          0d4ad8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(net_config.o)
net_config_info          0d4b08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(net_config.o)
socketpoll_claims        0d4bc8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
combinerfep_class        0d4bd0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
actions_select           0d4bd8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
actions_select_noedit    0d4c08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
actions_override         0d4c38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
actions_override_noedit  0d4ca4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
selection_info           0d4d10 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
selectionfep_class       0d4d30 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
ime_pending_key          0d4d38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_pending_native_key   0d4d3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
filewatcher_handle       0d4d40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
removal_fn               0d4d44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
s_notify                 0d4d48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(notify2.o)
riscos_function_key_map  0d4d50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
riscos_ctrl_key_map      0d4f50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
config_data_ime          0d5080 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime_config.o)
ime_config_info          0d50b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime_config.o)
feps                     0d50f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
colour_array             0d50f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
confman_text_standard_datatypes 0d557c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
socket_closures          0d566c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socket_deletions         0d5670 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_error      0d5674 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socket_opens             0d5678 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socket_closes            0d567c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
webfont_typefaces        0d56a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_map_nfaces       0d56ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_nfaces           0d56b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
Qlen                     0d56b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
config_data_button       0d56d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(button_config.o)
button_config_info       0d5704 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(button_config.o)
uic_list                 0d5784 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
config_data_select       0d5788 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(select_config.o)
select_config_info       0d57b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(select_config.o)
clip__item               0d5848 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__list               0d5854 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__destroy            0d5858 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__hasclipboard       0d585c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__anchor             0d5860 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__handle             0d5864 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__msgid              0d5868 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__xferstate          0d586c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
imefep_info              0d5870 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
imefep_class             0d5890 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
version                  0d5898 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
enclist                  0d58bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
enc_table_list           0d5e34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding__alloc          0d5e38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding__free           0d5e3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
unicode_type             0d5e40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
unicode_type_ref         0d7740 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
combine3099              0d7b40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(combine.o)
combine309A              0d7c0c + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(combine.o)
enc_ascii                0d7c40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ascii.o)
enc_iso2022              0d7c64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
enc_iso2022_euc          0d7c88 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
enc_shiftjis             0d7cac + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
B                        0d7cd0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
BValue                   0d7cd4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
shift                    0d7d54 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
enc_utf7                 0d7dd4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
enc_utf8                 0d7df8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
enc_ucs4                 0d7e1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
enc_utf16                0d7e40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
enc_bigfive              0d7e64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
enc_eightbit             0d7e88 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
enc_johab                0d7fd0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
static_window            0d7ff4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
default_dynamic_window   0d8004 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
default_window_usage     0d800c + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
special_offset           0d8014 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
enc_scsu                 0d8044 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
fuzzy_specials           0d8068 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(acorn.o)
enc_acorn                0d80e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(acorn.o)
enc_system               0d8108 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
event__id_block          0d812c + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event__mask              0d8130 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
_next_handler            0d8134 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
err                      0d8138 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent__all_handlers    0d8238 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
err                      0d823c + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
_next_handler            0d833c + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg__handlers        0d8340 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
_next_handler            0d8344 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
err                      0d8348 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent__handlers      0d8448 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent__all_handlers  0d849c + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
$d                       0d84a0 + |ModuleWrapData| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
ModuleWrapData           0d84a0 + |ModuleWrapData| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
module_private_word_ptr  0d84a0 + |ModuleWrapData| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
panicerr                 0d84a4 + |C$$zidata| from object file objr/mempanic.o
hotlist_cats             0d86a4 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
subs_5_buf               0d871c + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
char_decode              0d879c + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
error_copy               0d98e4 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
webfonts                 0d9ce4 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
shutdown_fns             0dabe4 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
tbevent__handlers        0dac64 + |C$$zidata| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
Stub$$Data               0db064 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_imageBase          0db064 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_rtsDataBase        0db068 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_rtsDataLimit       0db06c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_IIHandlerInData    0db070 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_FatalErrorBuffer   0db070 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_PAHandlerInData    0db080 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_DAHandlerInData    0db090 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_AEHandlerInData    0db0a0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_undStack           0db0b0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_svcStack           0db0b4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused4            0db0b8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_registerDump       0db0dc + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldAbortHandlers   0db120 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldExitHandler     0db130 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldMemoryLimit     0db138 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldErrorHandler    0db13c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldErrorR0         0db140 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldErrorBuffer     0db144 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldCallBackHandler 0db148 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldEscapeHandler   0db154 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldEventHandler    0db15c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldUpCallHandler   0db164 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_languageEnvSave    0db16c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_hadEscape          0db178 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_kallocExtendsWS    0db179 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_inTrapHandler      0db17a + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_beingDebugged      0db17b + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_fpPresent          0db17c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_initialised        0db17d + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_callbackInactive   0db17e + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused_byte_2      0db17f + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused2            0db180 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_eventCode          0db1ac + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_eventUserR13       0db1b0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_eventRegisters     0db1b4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_errorBuffer        0db1e4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_errorNumber        0db1e8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_errorString        0db1ec + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapTop            0db2e8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapLimit          0db2ec + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_allocProc          0db2f0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_freeProc           0db2f4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_returnCode         0db2f8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_moduleDataWord     0db2fc + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ClientFlags        0db300 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_escapeSeen         0db301 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unwinding          0db302 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_underDesktop       0db303 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapBase           0db304 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ArgString          0db308 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapExtender       0db30c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_knownSlotSize      0db310 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_initSlotSize       0db314 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_lk_RestoreOSHandlers 0db318 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_extendChunk        0db31c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_rootStackChunk     0db320 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_pc_hex_buff        0db324 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_returnCodeLimit    0db324 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_reg_hex_buff       0db330 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
disable_stack_extension  0db33c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused             0db340 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__errno                  0db380 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__iob                    0db384 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_interrupts_off          0db604 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub__saved_interrupt   0db608 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ctype_eof          0db60c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__ctype                  0db610 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__huge_val               0db710 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_app_space_end      0db718 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_stack_o_flag       0db71c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_inSignalHandler    0db71d + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_dummybyte          0db71e + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_                   0db71f + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ClibSpace          0db720 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__SIG_IGN                fffffffd
__SIG_ERR                fffffffe
__SIG_DFL                ffffffff
Symbol Table
atof                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
mktime                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
localtime                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
time                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fseek                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
bsearch                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
strspn                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
strcspn                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
sscanf                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
_kernel_osbyte           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fprintf                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
strncat                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
_kernel_setenv           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
ftell                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
memchr                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
setjmp                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
longjmp                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
fflush                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
fgetc                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fskipline.o)
_kernel_escape_seen      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
_kernel_last_oserror     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
clock                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localclock.o)
gmtime                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localgmtime.o)
strftime                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
setvbuf                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
_kernel_getenv           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
_kernel_osword           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
vfprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
setlocale                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
strpbrk                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_parse.o)
_kernel_swi              ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
_kernel_irqs_on          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
_kernel_irqs_off         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
strtod                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
free                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
malloc                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
memcpy                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strchr                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strlen                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strrchr                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
__rt_stkovf_split_small  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strcmp                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/accftp.o
strtol                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/accftp.o
_sprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/accftp.o
__rt_stkovf_split_big    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/accftp.o
memset                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/acchttp.o
strtok                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/acchttp.o
__rt_sdiv                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/acchttp.o
fgets                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authallow.o
strcpy                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authallow.o
toupper                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authallow.o
strncmp                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/auth.o
__rt_udiv                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/auth.o
strcat                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authtextio.o
_fprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authtextio.o
atoi                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/backend.o
strstr                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/blacklist.o
strncpy                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/blacklist.o
abs                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/browser.o
sprintf                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/browser.o
tolower                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/browser.o
strtoul                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/cache5.o
ceil                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/colspan.o
qsort                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
asctime                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/cookietextio.o
ctime                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/dir2html.o
pow                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/imagemapr.o
_swix                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/images.o
exit                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/main.o
atexit                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/main.o
signal                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/main.o
vsprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/mempanic.o
_clib_finalisemodule     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
fputs                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/obreak.o
__rt_sdiv10              ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/obullet.o
fputc                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/oinput.o
memcmp                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ridprops.o
fwrite                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
getenv                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
remove                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
tmpnam                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
fopen                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/submit.o
fread                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/submit.o
fclose                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/submit.o
memmove                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/tables.o
_main                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
TrapHandler              ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
EventHandler             ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_init             ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
C$$code$$Base            ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
C$$code$$Limit           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$RO$$Base          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$RW$$Base          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$ZI$$Base          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_clib_initialise         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$RW$$Limit         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
RTSK$$Data$$Base         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
RTSK$$Data$$Limit        ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_moduleinit       ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_entermodule      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
UncaughtTrapHandler      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
UnhandledEventHandler    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_command_string   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_Shared_Lib_Module_SWI_Code ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__RelocCode              ?????? Undefined, WEAK Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__root_stack_size        ?????? Undefined, WEAK Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
