

$d                       000000 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
!!!Module$$Header        000000 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0000c8 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
_Mod$Reloc$Off           000218
_Lib$Reloc$Off           00021c
$d                       000264 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       00028c + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       0002e0 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0002e4 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       0003b8 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0003bc + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       000440 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       000454 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       0004d4 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0004e0 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       000520 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       00053c + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       00063c + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       000640 + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
bbc_plot                 000640 + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
ASM$$Code                000640 + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
bbc_modevar              000650 + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
$a                       000660 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
ASM$$code                000660 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
DynamicArea_Alloc        000660 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
DynamicArea_Realloc      0006a8 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
DynamicArea_Free         0006c4 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
MemoryPageSize           0006e4 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
$d                       0006f0 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
rma_code                 0006f0 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
ASM$$code                0006f0 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
$a                       000734 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
$d                       000780 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
rma_code_end             000780 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
access_progress_flush    000a44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_redirect_progress 000ae4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_redirect_complete 000b38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_handle_create_sync 000bc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_handle_free_sync  000c4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_handle_complete   000c5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_load_from_mem     000c74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_literal           000d60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_file_fetch        000ea4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
_Lib$Reloc$Off$DP        000f87
access_file_fetch_alarm  000fb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_directory         00100c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_file              00115c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_url               001294 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_free_item         0019f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_unlink_and_free   001b84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_link              001bf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_abort_item        001c24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_abort             001cfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_abort_all_items   001d48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_init              001da0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_logon             001e14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_logoff            001e4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_tidyup            001e88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_alarm             001eb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_reschedule        001ec4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_remove            001f2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_header_info   001f30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_header_info   001fa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_handle_info   00202c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_cacheable         002110 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_optimise_cache    00219c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_fromcache         0021a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_test_cache        0021b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_ssl_available     0021bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_is_scheme_supported 0021e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_progress      0022bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_was_directory     0022d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_ftype         002304 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_can_handle_file_type 002330 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access__update_buffer    002414 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_new_data          0024b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_url_type_and_size 002554 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_callback_info 00270c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_callback_info 002728 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_anchor        002734 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_anchor        00273c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_stream_mode   002754 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_completed_part    002780 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_do_redial         0027a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_redial_alarm      002854 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_mailto            00295c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_ftp_close         002b44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_callback      002b78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_fetch_start   002c04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_fetch         002c88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_check_pw      002fa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
ftp_redial_retry         0030f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
ftp_resolve_callback     003204 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_new_ftp           0032a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_passwd_callback 003448 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_login         0035fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp               0036cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_http_close        00398c + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_callback     0039bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_fetch_start  003a84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_do_redirect  003e08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_auth_rerequest 003ecc + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_find_realm   004050 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_passwd_callback 004214 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_fetch_done   004330 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
http_redial_retry        004474 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
http_resolve_callback    004594 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_get_headers       00464c + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_fetch        0046b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_check_pw     004c7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_new_http          004d64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_tidyup       004ea8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_scheme_lookup     004f10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_register_handler 004f7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
remove_def               004fbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_deregister_handler 004fec + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_registered 005008 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_new        005030 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_redirect_url 005148 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_load_from_mem 005228 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_init       00526c + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
unknown_mime_type_error  005270 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
duplicate_mime_type_error 00527c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
unknown_file_extension_type_error 005288 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
plugin_reshape_type_error 005290 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
detached_helper_type_error 005298 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
mime_assoc_iterator      0052a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
mime_type_assoc          0052cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_ea_iterator 005318 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_assoc_iterator 005344 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_assoc     00537c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
ensure_plugin_assoc_init 0053c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_prevent_cache 0053e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_thread         005438 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_unthread       005448 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_url_notify 005458 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_destroy 005464 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_destroy_iterator_tell 0055a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_destroy_iterator_donttell 0055d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_call_adaptor_new 005604 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_shrink_buffer  005690 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_add_to_buffer  0056d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_call_write_ready 005744 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_call_write     005794 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_deliver        005838 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_cacheable_progress 0058b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_streaming_progress 0058f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_progress2      0059b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_progress       005a20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_cache_data     005b00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_schedule_delivery_alarm 005b6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_deliver_alarm  005b88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_complete       005bec + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_resolve_url    005c88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_create         005c9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new 005d60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_javascript_url 005e74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url_post_notify 005f0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url_post 006080 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url_notify 0060c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url 006104 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_data_get 00613c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_data_set 006150 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_url_get 006158 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_mime_type_get 006160 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_size_get 006168 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_last_modified_get 006180 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_notify_data_get 006188 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
helper_find_iterator     006190 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
helper_find              0061bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_mime_type 00622c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_file_extension 00631c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_info 0063b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_default_plugin 006428 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_find_iterator 00644c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_free_iterator 006478 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_mime_type 006498 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_file_extension 006528 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_info 0065d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_unregister_all_iterator 00664c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_all 006678 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
register_default_plugin  0066c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_mime_type_adaptor_class 006768 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
plugin_new_internal      006804 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_new       0068a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin__get_helper 006998 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_helper    006af0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_helper_persist 006b6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_browser_notify_destroy_iterator 006bf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy   006c0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
destroy_helper_fn        006c88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy_document_helpers 006cb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
destroy_helper_by_comparison_fn 006cfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy_helper 006d3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy_browser_helpers 006d80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_open      006dc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_close     006e14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_reshape   006e60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_request_reshape 006e8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_focus     006ee0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_action    006eec + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_abort     006ef8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_get_info  006f40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_create_url_notify_data 006f4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_destroy_url_notify_data 006f8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_load_view_notify      006fc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_cleanup_url    007008 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_url_get   00706c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_url_post  007128 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_is_there_enough_memory 007200 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_dump      007208 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_frontend_action 00720c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
make_suffixes            007220 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_info_iterate 00726c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_init      007310 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
auth_realm_dispose       00732c + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_realms_dispose      007378 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_item_dispose        0073c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_items_dispose       0073f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_dispose             007444 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_forget_realm        007464 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_init_passwords      007518 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_get_type            007538 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_supported           007590 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_add_realm           0075b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_add                 0076c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_lookup_realm        007768 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_lookup              0077c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_construct_basic     007878 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_lookup_string       007934 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_allow_dispose       007994 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_allows_dispose      0079a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_test_allow          0079d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_check_allow_deny    007a9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_read_allow_file     007af4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_init_allow          007c0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_dispose_allow       007c98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_realms_data_size    007cd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_write_realms_data   007d6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_read_realms_data    007e60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_write_realms_binary 007f80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_load_file_binary    007fdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_write_realms        008038 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authio.o
auth_load_file           008068 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authio.o
auth_realms_optimise     008080 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authoptimise.o
auth_items_optimise      008198 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authoptimise.o
auth_optimise            008244 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authoptimise.o
auth_write_realms_text   008264 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authtextio.o
auth_load_file_text      008470 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authtextio.o
document_get_edges       0085e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_check_pending_reformat 00862c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_find_test_text        00871c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_from_item    0088a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_find             0088e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_item_bbox    0089e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_locate_item  008a94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_handle_javascript_url 008ae0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_handle_url      008b60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
count_escaped            008d38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_dont_run_javascript 008d6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_table_event_handler 008da8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_table_cell_click 008ea4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_link_click_q     008fb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_link_click       00909c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__doc_click       0090c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_click        0091dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_filedragged      0092e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__mouseover_event 009368 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_get_mouseover    0093f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_set_mouseover    009420 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_item_pos_info    0094dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__item_selection_info 00987c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_item_info        00989c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_link_info        009944 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_is_secure_url    0099c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_info         0099f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_file_info    009b30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_info       009b50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_ensure_font     009bfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_getwebfont      009c38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_size_info  009c80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_file_info  009d20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_defer    009d44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_defer_images     009d6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_stop_animation   009e5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_mark_to_flush  009f38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_flush_image  009f64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_dispose  00a0d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_font_dispose   00a158 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_data_dispose   00a1b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_dispose_doc_contents  00a1e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__dispose_ecma    00a3a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__dispose_doc     00a410 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_unlink_doc      00a600 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_deferred_event_handler 00a640 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_get_root_doc    00a6e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_create_jsevent  00a730 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_create_jsevent_queue 00a76c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_reschedule_event_handler 00a7a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_dispose_doc      00a858 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_update_image_stata    00a910 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_update_image_stata 00aab0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_update_image_info     00aae4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_screen_changed   00ad00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_view_redraw           00ad20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_dummy_render          00ada8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_render_background 00ade4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_render_rectangle2 00b04c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_render_rectangle 00b19c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_update_item_trim 00b1a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_update_item     00b25c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_tfetch_stream         00b268 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_trigger_fetching 00b34c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_document_reformat_tail 00b424 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_format          00b48c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_set_dimensions        00b4c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_reset_width      00b5c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_goto_fragment    00b6a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_update_image_size     00b7e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_alarm_check_reformatted_images 00b8b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_trim_box_from_update 00b8bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_image_change2   00baa0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_image_change    00bec4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_view_visit            00bed4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_init_page       00bf90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_background_change 00c020 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_form_reset      00c178 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_lookup_parser         00c2f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_pparse_doc            00c354 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_doc_fetch_bg          00c48c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
redraw_and_set_alarm     00c5e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
background_redraw_alarm  00c658 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
background_redraw        00c674 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_change   00c68c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_fetch    00c778 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_pparse_pending_html   00c8b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_parser_finished       00c944 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_parser_fetch_complete 00c974 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_parser_task           00ca50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_doc_finished          00cc98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_formatter_task        00cf34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_extract_domain_from_url 00d2cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_need_doc_url_fixup    00d324 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_doc_url_fixup         00d3a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_progress2       00d3f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_progress        00d938 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_complete2       00d988 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_complete        00dbe4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_fetch_cancel 00dc1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_abort        00dca8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
notify_doc_aborted       00df18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_abort_all       00df2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_view_with_selection 00e0dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_set_flags    00e114 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document      00e254 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_task 00e32c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_alarm_handler 00e358 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_cancel 00e3a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_schedule 00e3e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_open_url         00e400 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_saver_text   00e7ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_saver_sprite 00e824 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_saver_jpeg 00e86c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_key          00e8b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_total_images     00e9b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_activate_link    00e9dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_meta_connect 00ea3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_check_meta       00ea4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_check_meta_merge 00ead0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_free_meta             00eb70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be__plugin_abort_or_action 00ebbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_plugin_action    00ec00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_plugin_info      00ec8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_mark_page_visited 00eca8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_locate_id        00ed2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_item_language 00eea0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_item_lang_name  00eed4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_uncache_image_info 00eee8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_free_task  00efc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_remove_task 00eff0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_retry_tasks 00f034 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_progress   00f098 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_process_task 00f0fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_complete   00f23c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_task_exists 00f310 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_object     00f33c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_addecma         00f4f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_script          00f5a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_script_data 00f748 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__deferred_script_data 00f760 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_fetch_script    00f7b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_js_enable        00f810 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_jsevent_dispose_doc 00f83c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_event_handler   00f8ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_onload_event_handler 00f9b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_named_event_handler 00fa48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_form_element_locate 00fa4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_keypress_event_handler 00faa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_input_event_handler 00fc28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_image_event_handler 00fcdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_form_event_handler 00fde4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_link_event_handler 00fee0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_element_event_handler 00ffc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_form_event_handler 0100c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_aref_event_handler 010194 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_image_event_handler 010268 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_doc_event_handler 01033c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_doc_event_handlers 0103fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_aref_event_handlers 01049c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_image_event_handlers 010568 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_event_handlers 01063c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_ecma_update_plugins 0107f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_css             010804 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__css_import_cb  01080c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__css_restart_cb 010814 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_init_css        010848 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_stylesheet      0108ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_stylesheet_ready 010948 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_stylesheet_data 010950 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_stylesheet_cancel 0109a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_fetch_stylesheet 0109ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_applet_failed 010a28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
config2_init             010a6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_logon            010ac0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_logoff           010b20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_loggedon         010b58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_init             010b6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_tidyup           010bd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
blacklist_match          010c14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/blacklist.o
frontend_tidyup          010cd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_init             010d00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_set_client_version 010dac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_new              010db0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_destroy          010e78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_window       010f3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_back_available 010f48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_forward_available 010f84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_always_available 010fc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_cmd_available 010fc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_set_position     011034 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_back     011280 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_forward  0112b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_back_possible 0112e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_forward_possible 0112e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_is_scheme_supported 0112e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
notify_load_view         0112ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
notify_disposal_document 011338 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
notify_disposal_view     011384 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__dispose_fetching_doc 0113d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__dispose_displaying_doc 0113fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fetch_started            01142c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fetch_failed             0114a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fetch_finished           01153c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_refresh          011620 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
count_views              0116d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_view_count   01171c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_fullsize_view_count 011724 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
count_priority_views     01172c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_find_target           01175c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
check_recursion          0117e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_goto_homepage    011870 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_goto_url         011888 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
stop_view                0118ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_stop        011944 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_stop             011954 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__view_visit_alarm 011964 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_open_url_box    011980 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_open_url        012094 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_goto_url_target  0120f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_post_url         012124 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
delete_if_any_pending    0121c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_thread     012244 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_unthread   01226c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_is_threaded         0122ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
next_link                0122d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_view_to_index         012348 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_index_to_view         0123b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_win_to_top_level_view 012430 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_win_to_view      012454 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_view    0124a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_view_all 0124ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_leaf_view 01254c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_leaf_view_all 012590 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_top_view 0125d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_top_view_visible 012604 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_top_view_topmost 01267c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_window  0126c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_private_handle 0126cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_private_handle 0126d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_caret_view   0126dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_set_current_view 012730 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_current_view     012808 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
lookup_view_name         01281c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_lookup_view_name 0129b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
flags_to_direction       0129bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
direction_to_flags       0129f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
base_highlight_flags     012a08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
centre_pointer           012a88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_view_for_focus       012aec + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
should_we_move_highlight 012b2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_redraw  012b74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_click   012bd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_remove  012c00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_open    012c10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_close   012d1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe__locate_view_by_position 012d2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_locate_view_by_position 012e9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_locate_view_by_direction 012f54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
change_view_links        013114 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_frame_navigate        01316c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
move_focus_to_ui         01329c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
move_highlight_from_box  013308 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
find_link_not_iframe     0133d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe__move_highlight_xy    013540 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_check_link_info  0137f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_check_link       0138dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_move_highlight_xy     013960 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_move_highlight        013964 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_move_linear           013a4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_activate_highlight    013b38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_blur                013c04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_scroll              013c74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
pagescroll_amt           013d78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_current_view_if_frameset 013d88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
page_scroll              013dd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_max_dx              013e70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_max_dy              013e9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
switch_window            013ecc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
kill_window              013f9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_event_call       013fec + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_set_key_map      01440c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_key_map      014418 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_lookup_key_map   014440 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
accesskey_modifier_applies 014468 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_key                 014500 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_caret      0146ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_note_focus_gained   0147c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_note_focus_lost     014804 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_has_caret  014840 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_close_view      01485c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_close_unlink_view 01499c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_doc_disposal_warning 014aa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_bounds     014afc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_set_dimensions 014b64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__collate_security_info 014bd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_security_info        014c84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_do_security_callbacks 014ce0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_dispose_view_children 014d44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_ensure_highlight      014d8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
children__update_state   014e48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
children_update_state    014e68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_visit      014e84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_takecaret        015280 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_takecaret   0152c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_ensure_visible 015328 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_ensure_visible_full 01535c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_images_message        0154f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
add_progress             015780 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
accumulate_progress_to_root 0157f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__document_onload 01586c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
display_pending_message  01589c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
have_view_and_children_finished 01590c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
check_finished           015944 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
trigger_finished         0159a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_status     0159d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_convert_fetch_type 016344 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_fetch_started 01634c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_fetch_finished 0163ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_clear_status 01640c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_clear_default_status 016438 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_get_status 016464 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_set_status 016484 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_get_default_status 0164e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_set_default_status 016508 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_update     016568 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_redraw     0165b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_get_dimensions 016654 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_fpd_dispose     0166cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_authenticate_callback 016748 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_password_callback 0167b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_name_and_password_callback 0167d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_password_task   0167f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_name_and_password_task 016850 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_passwd_raise    0168b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_passwd_dispose  016a90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_complain        016a94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_fatal_error     016b10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwin_redraw           016b40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwin_click            016b6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwin_focus            016cf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
create_rootwin           016d4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_redraw              016dd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_drag                016dec + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_click               016f40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_click_logical       01720c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
mousemove_actions        017294 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_check_autoscroll    0174a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_mousemove           01753c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_focus               017650 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__new_view       017694 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_new_view        017954 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_new_rootview    01798c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_new_toplevel_view 0179c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_margins    017a18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_url_punt        017b4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_saver_last_name 017cfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_frame_resize          017d00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_frame_layout    017d50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_can_handle_file_type 017f14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe__recurse_enable_js    017f28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_js_disable  017f8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_get_browser 017fb0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_pointer_set_position 017fb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
savedoc                  01805c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
connection_cb            018064 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_interface_state 018078 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
cert_callback            0180cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_current_url_list 0182a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_move_recent_index 0182f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_recent_history 018328 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_move_recent_history 018358 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_goto_history 018380 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_history 0183d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_flags   0183d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_info    018410 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_get_info     01850c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_lookup_meta  0185e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_lookup_id    018614 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_submit_form  018618 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_locate_item  01861c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_item_get_info    0186d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_item_activate    01882c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_link_get_info    018834 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_highlight 018850 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_highlight 0188dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_position 018930 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_print        018a6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_flush            018a98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_flags   018b84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_get_ecmactx  018c2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_set_ecmactx  018c34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__ecma_update_plugins 018c3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_ecma_update_plugins 018c64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_plugin_action 018cb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
optimise_view_memory_use 018cf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_top_level_box        018d3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
is_box_repositionable    018d7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
overlay_base_space       018ea8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
browser_overlay_find_space 018f3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
browser_overlay_find_space_full 018f7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
browser_overlay_claim_space 019104 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
parse_content_type_header 019e28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/brunicode.o
make_filepath            019ea0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
check_save_id_unique     019ef0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_store          019f48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_dispose        01a0c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_load           01a14c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_unload         01a1a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_init_file      01a1ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_init           01a2a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_setmirror          01a418 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_init_disk          01a41c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_init               01a498 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
tidyup                   01a4d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_tidyup             01a5ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__allocate          01a5c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
item_to_index            01a610 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
item_from_index          01a64c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__unlink            01a6a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__link              01a718 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__oldest_not_locked 01a77c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__kick_item         01a7d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__kick              01a868 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__findunused        01a8a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__expand            01a99c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__toitem            01a9fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__put               01aacc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_put                01ac34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_puttofile          01acb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__lookup_item       01acc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__find              01ad7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_find               01ae04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_lose               01ae44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_findtofile         01aec8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_setinfo            01aed0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_getinfo            01aed4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_getanchor          01aefc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_getfilename        01af14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_remove_from_one_cache 01af1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_remove             01af84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_note_file_removed  01afbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_test               01b104 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_optimise_block     01b150 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_optimise_cache     01b220 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_optimise           01b264 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_flush_ram          01b274 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_flush_disk         01b278 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_panic              01b2a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
colspan_bias             01b2b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_init_from_leftmost 01b398 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_bitset 01b3e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_set 01b43c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_copy 01b490 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_lt_copy 01b4f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_upwards 01b558 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_downwards 01b5d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_halve 01b648 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_double 01b6a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_scale 01b704 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_sum_columns      01b76c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_bitclr 01b7b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_lt_copy 01b838 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_copy 01b8e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_set  01b978 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_halve 01b9f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_double 01ba94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_scale 01bb28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_free_structure   01bc2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
new_group                01bca8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
init_group               01bd24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
init_column              01bee4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_init_structure1  01c088 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
set_nocons_horiz         01c250 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
set_nocons_vert          01c2e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
set_nocons               01c360 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_do_the_stomping  01c37c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
have_contradictions      01c578 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_init_structure   01c64c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
sharing_pass             01c6a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
share_raw_abs_pct        01c7ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
reflect_into_table       01c91c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
reflect_percentages      01ccf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_share_extra_space 01ce68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
cookie_get_time          01d11c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
strip_port_from_domain   01d180 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_free              01d1cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_unlink_and_free   01d20c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_check_expiry_domain 01d268 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
find_domain              01d30c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
tail_compare             01d36c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
get_null_domain          01d410 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
get_domain_and_path      01d460 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_add               01d5f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_received_header   01d8c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
browser_set_cookie       01da34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_add_headers       01da90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_free_headers      01dd4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_init              01dd80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_dispose_all       01dd84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
extract_host_and_port    01dde8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_domain_size       01de70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_item_size         01de94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_data_size         01ded8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_compare_used_date 01df84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_data_size_limited 01dfa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_marked_data 01e0fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_data        01e25c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_binary_file 01e28c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_read_binary_file  01e2e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_read_data         01e338 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_file        01e604 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieio.o
cookie_read_file         01e620 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieio.o
cookie_optimise_domain   01e638 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieoptimise.o
cookie_optimise          01e6e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieoptimise.o
extract_port             01e774 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
cookie_read_line         01e7c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
cookie_write_text_file   01e914 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
cookie_read_text_file    01eb04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
share_to_abs_in_span     01ec08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_to_max_in_span     01ece4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_to_unused_in_span  01edc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_to_uncon_in_span   01ee88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_in_span            01ef50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
cs_share_in_spans        01f028 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
colspan_algorithmLR      01f1c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs2.o
colspan_algorithmRL      01f258 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs2.o
colspan_algorithm        01f2ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs2.o
found_connection         01f37c + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
csg_connected_components 01f4dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
find_connected_components 01f514 + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
same_connected_component 01f5f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
csg_find_abs_floaters    01f674 + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
dir2html                 01f67c + |C$$code| from object file objr/dir2html.o
rid_scan_not_floating_tables 01fc2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect__updateitems   01fc90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect__setselect     01fd8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect_modify         01fe9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect_clear          020090 + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
format_width_checking_assertions 020140 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
basic_size_stream        020170 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_raw_minwidth        020338 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_raw_maxwidth        0203b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_abs_minwidth        020424 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_abs_maxwidth        020524 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
largest_implied_table_width 02066c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
normalise_percentages    02079c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_pct_minwidth        020b40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_pct_maxwidth        020b9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_rel_minwidth        020c18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_rel_maxwidth        020c60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
recurse_nuke_constraints 020ca8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
basic_size_table         020d8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
allocate_widths_table    021010 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
allocate_widths_stream   0210d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
allocate_widths          0211f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
recurse_format_table     02121c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
recurse_format_stream    02149c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_reset_size        021534 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_start             021540 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_restart           021598 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_continue          0215f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_stop              021844 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_is_formatting     021870 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
opposite_side            021880 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
direction_flags_to_side  0218b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
side_to_direction_flags  0218e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
scroll_by_flags          02191c + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
find_closest_frame_link  021964 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
get_link_pos             021a94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_array__build  021ae8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_array_build   021d30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_array_free    021dc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
link_selected            021e0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_move          021e58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_activate      021fdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_selected      022020 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_get_box       022048 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_clear         0220a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
redraw_link              0220f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_clear_all     02218c + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_redraw        0221b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_redraw_all    022200 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frontend_view_get_dividers 02222c + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
draw_frame_links         0222a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frameutils_iterate_all   022348 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_iterate       0223c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_iterate_post_all 022414 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_iterate_post  022490 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_find_top      0224dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_check_resize  022504 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_resizable     0225b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
start_animating_spacer   022638 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
spacer_redrawfn          022714 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_resize_drag   0227b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_done_resize   02286c + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_specifier_create 0228d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_specifier_decode 02294c + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
reload__view             0229d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
invalidate_view          022acc + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
reformat_view            022b24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
reload_view              022b4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
refetch_view             022b58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_name       022b64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_set_name   022b6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_parent     022ba0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_children   022ba8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_next       022bb0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_fetching   022bb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_displaying 022bc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_get_window 022bc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_frameset         022bd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_frame            022bf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_leaf             022c44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_toplevel         022c68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_iframe           022c7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_childless        022c8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_ancestor_of      022ca0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_can_close_window    022cc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
gbf_active               022d1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/gbf.o
gbf_init                 022d34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/gbf.o
highlight_boundary_build 022d38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_boundary_clear 022d3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
get_colour_text          022d40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_render_outline 022d80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
render_border            022e88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_update_border  022ea8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
build_hl_win_box         023064 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_offset_border  0230d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
redraw_hl                02316c + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_render         02324c + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
draw_partial_box         023424 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
last_line_of_link        0234d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_draw_text_box  023520 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
fe_empty_hist_item       023798 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
fe_free_hist_item        0237f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_truncate         023824 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
find_entry               023888 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
fe_init_hist_item        0238f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_replace          023994 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_add              0239e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_item         023acc + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_url          023b2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_possible         023b54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_set_fetching_data 023b7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move             023bb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move_to          023c94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move_recent_index 023d1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move_recent_steps 023d44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_dispose          023d9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_visit            023de8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
locate_item              023ee0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
count_sections           023f44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
compare_specifiers       023f70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_write_scroll     024008 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_update_current_state 024058 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_update_title     0241a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_lookup_specifier 02420c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_restore_scroll   024264 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_test             0242c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
copy_history_info        024320 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_current_url_list 024398 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_next         0244e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
fragment_parse           02454c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
check_frag_list          0245b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global_free_item      0245f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global_remove_oldest  024668 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global__add           0246d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_add       0248c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global__find_url      024950 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_find_url  0249e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_init      024a34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_dispose   024a38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global_lookup_index   024a80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
browser_get_global_url_list 024aac + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
browser_get_global_url_list_count 024b58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
browser_get_global_history 024b6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_move_alpha_index 024bf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_update_title 024c30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_optimise         024c94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_optimise.o
fe_global_frag_optimise_list 024d94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_optimise.o
history_global_optimise  024e0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_optimise.o
inside_rect              024eb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
inside_circle            024f20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
inside_polygon           024f50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_find_area       025128 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_find_map        025234 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
render_circle_border     0252c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_draw_area       025350 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_check_all_images 0256a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
render_crosshair         0256ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
crosshair_area           025738 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
change_step_speed        0257d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
check_move               025840 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_move           0258a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_get_pos        0259c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_render_overlay 0259dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_init           0259ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_find_center_area 025a10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_select_area    025b34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_get_box_area   025d10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_key            02605c + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
image_alloc_minimal      026474 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_generate_update_for_image 02652c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_callback_for_uic_animation 026530 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_uic_animation_is_setup 026544 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_update_uic_frame   02654c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_set_suspend        02661c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_suspend_all_except 026628 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_kill_all_animations 026698 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animate_from_uic   0266f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
findsprite               026a70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
set_sprite_name          026a98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_strdup             026ac8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_alloc              026b08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_flex_alloc         026b4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fetching_dec             026bc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fetching_inc             026bfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
free_pt                  026c30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
free_area                026c68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
free_data_area           026c9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fillin_scales            026cd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_put_bytes          026d2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_seek_fn            026e80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_rec_fn             026e8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_thread_start       027104 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_thread_process     0271ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_thread_end         0272e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
set_default_image        027308 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_set_error          027388 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_issue_callbacks    0273d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_progress2          027468 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_progress           027680 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_completed          027720 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_init               02796c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_tidyup             0279b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_uncache_info       027a2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_palette_change     027a88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_defer              027acc + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_fetch_next         027ae4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_type_test          027c24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
find_area_and_info       027c64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_find_icontype      027cf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_find               027f34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stream             028320 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stream_data        028494 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stream_end         02851c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_dispose_callbacks  028624 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_loose              0286a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_dispose_image_for_uic 02885c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_trim_animation     02887c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_memory_panic       028928 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_flush              028a88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_mark_to_flush      028c4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_flush_marked       028c90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_data_size          028cf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_file_info          028d48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_info_frame         028d7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_info               028f00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
im_gcf                   02907c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_reduce_scales      0290b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fixup_scale              029170 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
check_scaling            0291bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_default_image      029254 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
cceil                    0293c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
build_mode_number        0293d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
get_mode_number          0293e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_size_needed        02946c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_get_sprite_ptr     0294e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_clear_mask         02955c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_clear_cache 0295d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_init_cache_sprite  0295e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_get_trans          029790 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
int_sqr                  029a4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
get_cached_image_size    029a94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_plot_to_cache      029c00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_build_cache_tile_sprite 029f94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image__render            02a0b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_drawfile_render    02a358 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_jpeg_render        02a434 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_sprite_render      02a51c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_render             02a624 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_tile               02a6e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_get_scales         02aa28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_os_to_pixels       02aa74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_ave_col_n          02ab18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_average_colour     02ad4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_sprite_save_as_sprite 02ae38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_save_as_sprite     02ae88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_preferred_save_filetype 02aed8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_save_as_jpeg       02aef4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_need_mask 02af40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_init_cache 02afa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_render_frame 02b07c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_render_background 02b2ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_render   02b368 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stop_animation     02b4b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_alarm    02b4c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_startup_animation  02b798 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_suspend_animation  02b88c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_kill_animation     02b89c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
item_to_descriptor_index 02b8ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
selection_to_item        02b8e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
descriptor_to_item       02b908 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
aref_union_box           02b918 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
directed_aref_box        02b990 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_item_onscreen         02ba74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
tabindex_nohl            02baa8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
match_item               02babc + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_flush_selection_list 02bd00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
item_tabindex            02bd3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
comp_descr               02bddc + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
sort_selection_list      02be38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_build_selection_list 02be50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
link_scan_distances      02bfe0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
selection_items_equal    02c134 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_highlight_scan_xy 02c188 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_highlight_scan_link 02c350 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
scan_links_2D            02c400 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
scan_links_linear        02c4d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
adjust_flag              02c6a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_update_item_highlight 02c6f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_text        02c878 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_object      02c880 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_select      02c900 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_input       02c924 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_item        02c92c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_label       02ca04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_highlight_link_xy 02ca74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_highlight_link   02ce20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_update_link           02ce2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_update_link_activate 02cf74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_default_caret   02d024 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_doc_cursor       02d078 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_doc_read_caret        02d14c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_item_has_caret        02d178 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_set_highlight    02d1a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_highlight_is_persistent 02d2a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_set_caret        02d2c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_update_focus     02d398 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_remove_highlight 02d40c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_read_highlight   02d4b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_is_selected      02d4fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
match_image_area_accesskey 02d57c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
ak_highlight_input       02d600 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
activate_first_form_element_in_stream 02d65c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
activate_first_input_element_in_list 02d6d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_match_accesskey 02d740 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_get_frame_size        02d9ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_build_frame_sizes 02da10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
fix_frame_sizes          02dba8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_init              02dc80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
be_frame_layout_1        02dc84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
set_spacing_flags_frame  02e22c + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
set_spacing_flags        02e304 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_layout            02e348 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_free_spacing_list 02e600 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_frame_resize      02e640 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_render_bevels     02e7cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout__write_table      02e8c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout_describe.o
layout_write_table       02ec10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout_describe.o
browser_view_layout_describe 02ec98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout_describe.o
center_and_right_align_adjustments 02ece8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fmt_checkpoint           02eeb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
dispose_pos_list         02efac + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
new_pos_item             02efdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
item_size_known          02f03c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
get_ubs_width            02f1d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
no_text_line             02f264 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
no_unbreakable           02f278 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
floating_item_fits       02f294 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
attach_float_at_end      02f29c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
position_floating_item   02f2d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
attach_new_floaters      02f448 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
create_new_text_line     02f530 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
excess_left_margin_due_to_floaters 02f554 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
excess_right_margin_due_to_floaters 02f5a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
left_float_margin        02f608 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
right_float_margin       02f64c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
set_margins_from_item    02f6a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
set_text_margin_info     02f740 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
no_text_margin_info      02f810 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
one_word_override        02f830 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
unbreakable_sequence_fits 02f894 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
find_widest_info         02fabc + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fracture_float_line      02fba4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fracture_copy_left       02fc48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fracture_copy_right      02fcf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
consider_fracturing_float_line 02fd98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
close_down_current_line  02fee4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
line_has_other_than_nonbreak_scaff 030234 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
append_unbreakable_sequence 030294 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
deal_with_unbreakable_sequence 030384 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
ubs_only_nonbreak_scaff  030428 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
next_nonfloating_item    030498 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
next_floating_item       0304ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
perform_clearing         030544 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
formatting_start         0306a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
formatting_stop          030a38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
formatting_loop          030bc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_stream            030c64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_attach_header     030cf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_attach_stream     030cf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
stomp_table              030d08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
stomp_stream             030d84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
entry_fixes_table        030dd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
only_whitespace          030e38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
scaffold_check           030e74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
entry_fixes_stream       030f64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_precondition      030fd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
exit_fixes_table         030fd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
exit_fixes_stream        031038 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_postcondition     031084 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
backend_panic            031088 + |C$$code| from object file objr/mempanic.o
mm_error                 031118 + |C$$code| from object file objr/mempanic.o
object_defer_defers_to   031184 + |C$$code| from object file objr/object.o
objects_type_test        0311b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
objects_set_position     031240 + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
check_move               031414 + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
objects_check_movement   0314d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
objects_resize           0314f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
obreak_get_sizes         031524 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
obreak_size              0315e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
opbreak_size             031624 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
obreak_redraw            03164c + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
obreak_astext            031754 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
roman_one_five_ten       0317b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
roman_numeral            031868 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
char_bullet              03194c + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
write_symbol             0319b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_string           0319fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
getbasefont              031b68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_size             031b6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_redraw           031c58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_astext           031d64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
oimage_size_alt_text     031de4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_size_image        031f98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_fetch_image       032128 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_flush_image       032280 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_render_text       0322dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_render_border     0323c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_decode_align      0324f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_handle_usemap     0325f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_renderable        032690 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_size_allocate     032738 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_size              03293c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_highlight  032960 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_image      0329cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_border     032a44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_imagemap   032a9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw            032b34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_dispose           032d10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_click             032da0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_astext            032fac + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_get_size          032fdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_caret_blur        033010 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_caret_focus       0330d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_caret             0331f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_key               0332c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_image_handle      033368 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_update_highlight  033434 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
get_value                0334d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_renderable       03352c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_size_allocate    0335d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_size             033a4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_redraw           033a74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_dispose          033e04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_get_size         033e78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_caret_frame      033ee4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_caret_image      033f78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_caret            034064 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_key              0340d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_click            03419c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_image_handle     03435c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_astext           034414 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_asdraw           034468 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_position         034490 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
button_text              03457c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
button_border_x          0345d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
button_border_y          034608 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
text_displayable_width   034634 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_image_renderable  03466c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
set_text_colours         0346e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
textpeercb               034764 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__ensure_textpeer  0348f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_size_allocate     0349b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_size              0350b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_redraw__button_colours 0350cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_redraw__button_plinth 035128 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_redraw            0351e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_dispose           035988 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
setradio                 035a5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__image_click      035afc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__check_click      035ca8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__radio_click      035d44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__submit_click     035dd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__button_click     035f00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__reset_click      035f84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_click             036054 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_set_text          0361b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_set_value         036240 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_set_checkbox      036294 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_astext            0362ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_submit            036494 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_caret             03661c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_key               0367d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_image_handle      0368e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_update_data       036a10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_update_highlight  036a80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_filedragged       036b84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_position          036c00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
obutton_redraw           036ce0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
obutton_size             036ce4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_button_size 036ce8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_button_redraw 036d9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_button_bgcolour 036e00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_fieldset_redraw 036e50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ofieldset.o
oscaff_size              036eac + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
oscaff_redraw            036ecc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
oscaff_astext            036ed0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
oscaff_asdraw            036ed4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
set_colours              036ed8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
selectpeercb             03702c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_writedata        0371b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_setselectedindex 037234 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_unsetselectedindex 0372b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_reset            0372fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect__resync_selectpeer 03732c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_size             0374b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_redraw           037540 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_dispose          0375f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_set_option       037628 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_delete_option    037830 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_get_num_options  0378f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_click            037908 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_astext           037938 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_caret            037958 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_update_highlight 0379a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_update_data      037a4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_position         037abc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
ospacer_size             037b20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ospacer.o
ospacer_redraw           037b84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ospacer.o
otable_size              037b88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
table_first_visible_cell 037b8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otable_redraw            037c48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otable_dispose           038644 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otable_click             038770 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otable_astext            0387cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otext_size               038884 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
draw_line                0389c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext__decorations       038a4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext_redraw             038b7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext_astext             038f48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext_update_highlight   038f98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otextarea_set_style      039028 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
useable_columns          03913c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
set_colours              039184 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_cb             039208 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_size           03939c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_redraw         039580 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_dispose        039698 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_click          0396a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_astext         0396ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_caret          0396c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_key            03972c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_filedragged    039734 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_set_text       03973c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_get_text       039754 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_update_highlight 039768 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_reset          0397b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_position       0397f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
reformat_doc             039890 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_old_render_page      039970 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_free_pages           039a54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_paginate             039aa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_check_pages          039bc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_start_job            039bfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_end_job              039f94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_render_page          03a0b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_print_document       03a2fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_init                 03a488 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_abort                03a494 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
profile_init             03a4d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/profile.o
profile_report           03a4dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/profile.o
draw_cornerBR            03a4e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
draw_cornerLT            03a584 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_plinth            03a628 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_plinth_full       03a68c + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_plinth_from_list  03a80c + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_get_colour        03a8a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_set_colour        03ab10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_set_font_colours  03ab38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render__text_link_colour 03ab80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_link_colour       03ac54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_text_link_colour  03acac + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_background        03acb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_caret_colour      03ad28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_text              03adbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_text_full         03ae00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_background_image  03ae5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_background_css    03aff8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
rid_get_clearing         03b1e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_floating         03b208 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_webfont          03b234 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_old_webfont      03b3d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_frame           03b510 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_area            03b594 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_map             03b5d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_pos_term        03b620 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_pos             03b71c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_pos_tree        03b7a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_object          03b878 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_text            03b91c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_extra_images    03b9d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_aref            03ba6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_select_options  03badc + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_fieldset        03bb28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_form_elements   03bb54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_form            03bc70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_table_props     03bd0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_colgroup        03bd5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_colhdr          03bda0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_rowgroup        03bde4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_rowhdr          03be28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_caption         03be6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_table           03beb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free                 03c228 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_frame_connect        03c2d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_area_item_connect    03c2f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_scaff_item_push      03c318 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_spacer_item_push     03c394 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_consider_text_indent 03c408 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_item_should_highlight 03c43c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_text_item_should_highlight 03c46c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_pseudo_class     03c4a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_text_item_connect    03c57c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_pos_item_connect     03c5d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_item_connect    03c604 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_image_item_connect   03c640 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_extra_image_connect  03c66c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_form_item_connect    03c67c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_form_element_connect 03c6b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_option_item_connect  03c7a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_outermost_item       03c7e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_if_table 03c830 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_first_in_caption 03c850 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_first_in_table 03c880 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_items_parent 03c884 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_after_table 03c8e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_cell_after 03c904 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_parent_prev 03c970 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_tables_caption 03c9c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_cell_before 03ca0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_if_table 03ca98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback                 03cac4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse          03cb80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse         03cbb0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_scan                 03cbec + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_zero_widest_height_from_item 03ccd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_zero_widest_height   03cd78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_clone_pos_list       03cd94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_get_document    03ce54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_get_links_index 03ce74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_image_get_index      03cec8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_doc_eventhandlers_init 03cef8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_doc_eventhandlers_free 03cf14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_image_eventhandlers_init 03cf58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_image_eventhandlers_free 03cf7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_link_eventhandlers_init 03cfd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_link_eventhandlers_free 03cff0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
foreach_rid_props        03d03c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
stream_table_locate_item 03d248 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_find_item_at_location 03d474 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_find_item_location 03d794 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_render_textitem_bg 03d9c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_render            03db18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_iterate_box       03e12c + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_write_as_text     03e320 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
be_ensure_buffer_space   03e45c + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
submit_fn                03e4b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
append_encoded_n         03e544 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
append_encoded           03e5e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
append_ascii             03e638 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_encoded_n          03e684 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_encoded            03e71c + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_char               03e764 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
otextarea_write          03e7c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_append_query    03e858 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_append_textarea 03e8dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_mime_separator1    03e964 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_mime_separator     03eb1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_write_query     03ebc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_write_textarea  03ecb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_file               03eda0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
backend_submit_form      03eed0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
get_x_image_name         03ef40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
submit_image_write       03efa0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
submit_image_append      03f098 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_submit_form     03f170 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_submit_form_extended 03f178 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
table_ensure_arraysize   03fa58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
table_caption_stream_origin 03faa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
table_cell_stream_origin 03faf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
rid_next_root_cell       03fbbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
rid_prev_root_cell       03fc34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
floating_table_format_alert_begin 03fca8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
floating_table_format_alert_finish 03fcc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
parse_table_props        03fcec + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
replicate_tabprops       03ff38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
copy_table_properties    03ffb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
set_column_flags         0400b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_colhdr           0400f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_colgroup         040140 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_rowgroup         04019c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
copy_colhdr_tabprops     0401ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_retro_col            04025c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_row              04040c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
do_tfoot_swapping        040690 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_col_fixed          04086c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_col_growing        0408e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
restrain_rowspan_cells   040a20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
tidy_table               040ab8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
rid_get_tabprop          040abc + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
find_empty_cell_this_line 040d90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
find_empty_cell          040e34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttable               040ed4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtable              041538 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcaption             0416c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishcaption            04184c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcolgroupsection     0418b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishcolgroupsection    041900 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcolgroup            0419c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishcolgroup           041b58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcol                 041ca8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_headfootbody       041f84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startthead               042078 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttfoot               0420d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttbody               04213c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishthead              042198 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtfoot              0421c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtbody              04223c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttr                  04226c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtr                 0423d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
pre_thtd_warning         0423d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
handle_table_inheritance 042434 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_tdth               042500 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttd                  042cf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startth                  042cf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
strip_trailing_stuff     042cf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finish_thtd              042d2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishth                 042dec + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtd                 042df0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
url_leaf_name            042df4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_host_name            042fb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_chars         043058 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_url           043118 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
issafe                   0431bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_cat           043224 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_cat_n         04322c + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_to_flexfile_n 04331c + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_to_flexfile   0433c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unescape_cat_n       0433c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unescape_cat         043510 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unescape             043534 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_sanitise             043580 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url__unicode_fixup       043794 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_fixup        043890 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_fixup_needed 0438a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_fixup_and_escape 0438b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
reencode_fn              0438b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_reencode     043930 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
ua_expand                0439f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_ua_name           043aa0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_version           043ab4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_version_init      043ac8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_set_client_version 043af0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
plugin_check_valid       043b04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_add_valid         043b44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_remove_valid      043b88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_check_valid       043bf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_destroy_by_plugin 043c38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_add_valid         043c7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_remove_valid      043cc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
ANT_to_RISC_OS_reason    043d38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_accept_filetype   043d60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
static_riscos_start_task 043e34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
static_riscos_plugin_start_task 043f48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
static_riscos_message_send 043fb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
write_padding            043ff0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_message      044030 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
convert_valuetype        044088 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
put_string_fn            0440d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
count_string_fn          0440fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
put_string               044110 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
count_string             044164 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_record 0441cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_numeric 044304 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_string 0443b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_url 0443e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
fillin_stream            044410 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
get_ro_win_from_doc      044460 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_open         044484 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_reshape      04459c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_close        044694 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_focus        044714 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_action       04478c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_abort        044800 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
send_new_stream_alarm    04486c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_new   0448d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_destroy 044970 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_completed_notification 044a04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_write 044acc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_as_file 044b40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_stream_terminate  044bc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_file 044db8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
remove_parameter_file    0450b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_new               0450fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_helper            045244 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
dataopen_new             04538c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_destroy           045410 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_get_info          0454b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_opening_handler 045540 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_access_url_handler 045780 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_closed_handler 0459b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_new_handler 045a28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_destroy_handler 045aec + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_write_handler 045b38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_written_handler 045b68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_reshape_request_handler 045c2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_unlock_handler 045c88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_status_handler 045cb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_focus_handler 045d2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_busy_handler 045d74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_EACK_open_handler 045e04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_EACK_new_stream_handler 045f44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_data_open_bounce  045f94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_EACK_handler      046038 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_register_mime_type 046180 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_new        046188 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_helper_new 046210 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_destroy    046314 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_open       046368 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_close      046370 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_reshape    04639c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_focus      0463c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_action     0463e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_abort      046408 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_get_info   04642c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_is_there_enough_memory 046434 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_new 0464cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_destroy 046744 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_write_ready 0467d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_write 046820 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
register_mimetypes_against_var 046950 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
register_pace_plugin_mimetypes 046ab4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
register_pace_plugin_protocol 046b2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
deregister_pace_plugin_protocol 046d08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
ridprops_trace_use       046e84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops__free           046ec0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_trace_free_unused 046f04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_trace_release   046f14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_duplicate       046f30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_inherit         047000 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_clear_inherited 047138 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_partial_inherit 0471e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_restructure     04772c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_identical       047c9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops__recycle        047ea0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_font_size        047f08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_font_size_px     047f4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_font_style       048020 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_props_lookup_typefaces 048074 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_fixed_to_font    0480f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_bold_to_font     048144 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_weight_to_font   048178 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_style_to_font    0481b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_decoration_to_font 0481f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_dir              048308 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_dir_rtl     04833c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_floating         048354 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_clearing         0483a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_halign           0483fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_std_align        048450 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_valign      0484a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_get_valign      0484f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_indent      048514 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_get_lheight     048594 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_colourno         04860c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_bgcolour         048690 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_clear_fg_colour      048720 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_fg_colour        04873c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_bg_colour        048764 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_bg_image         0487dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_link_colour      048864 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_vlink_colour     04888c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_alink_colour     0488b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_font_family      0488dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_bump_current_lmargin 04894c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_lmargin          0489a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_lmargin          0489f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_bump_current_rmargin 048a1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_rmargin          048a74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_rmargin          048ac8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_halign           048adc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_lang             048af8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_lang_num    048b54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_bullet      048b6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_inside_bullet 048ba4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_metric_to_VALUE      048bdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
escape_handler           048c18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
handler                  048c28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
signal_init              048ccc + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
memory_initialise        048dd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
layers_ro_task_handle    048ec8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
tb_initialise            048ee0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
ro_message_closedown_handler 049038 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
register_event_handlers  04905c + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
task__active             049070 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
task__inactive           049088 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
ro_event_loop            0490a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
ro_event_poll_oneshot    049230 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
layers_ro_events_disabled 0492a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
check_tidyup             0492c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
init                     049310 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
main                     049470 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
$d                       049518 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
C$$code                  049518 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$a                       04951c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__main                   04951c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$d                       049570 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
dialogue_initialise      049598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_destroy         049638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_get_class_names 049644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_OK              04969c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_OK_full         0496e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_YESNO           0498dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_YESNO_default   049920 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_YESNO_full      049968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_get_text        049be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_get_text_full   049c30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
username_password_alarm  049e84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_password   049ef0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_password_full 049f40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_name_and_password 04a1cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_name_and_password_full 04a21c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_abort_password 04a41c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_error_full      04a420 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_error_write_flex 04a6c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_alert_write_flex 04a8c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_okcancel_write_flex 04aa24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_password_write_flex 04aba0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_prompt_write_flex 04ad50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_clear_modal  04aef4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_error 04af34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_alert 04af5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_okcancel 04af84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_prompt 04afec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_password 04b07c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_browser_open          04b130 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_mouse_click_handler   04b1a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_url_sysvars    04b1d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_tb_num_windows_changed 04b294 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_tb_view_state_changed 04b3a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
statusline_delay_callback 04b494 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_statusline            04b4ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_tb_cmd_avail_changed 04b55c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_set_border_colour     04b5f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_error                 04b654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_focus                 04b65c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_key                   04b728 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_url                   04b734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_finished              04b738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_started               04b82c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_failed                04b8dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_mouse_click           04b978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_scheme                04b994 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_security_fn           04b9bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_progress              04ba54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_dispose               04ba9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_updateview            04badc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_pluginaction          04bcb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_layers_notify         04bd08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
layers_client2           04bdb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
layers_client            04be98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
layers_endclient         04c044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
frontend_memory_panic    04c0a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_find_target           04c0ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_dispose_view          04c0c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_clear_modal_view      04c104 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_find_topmost_nonfe    04c148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils__iterate   04c230 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils_iterate    04c2cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils_iterate_all 04c2e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils_find_top   04c2f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe__eventcall_all_views  04c340 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_eventcall_all_views   04c364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe__popup_open           04c38c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_popup_open            04c3d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_get_selected_link_url 04c408 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_is_special_window     04c4b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_how_many_windows      04c550 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_report_error          04c5a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_complain_error        04c5d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_report_errnumber      04c644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_complain_errnumber    04c688 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_create_frontend_error 04c6c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_bgsound_set           04c6ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_beeps_set             04c78c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
lookup_scale_index       04c818 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_font_size_set_possible 04c870 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_font_size             04c8ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_font_size_refresh     04c950 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_scaling_set_refresh   04c9bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_do_refresh_actions    04ca00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_scaling_set           04ca58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_read_nvram            04caf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
is_a_tv                  04cd9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_set_pointer_position  04ce60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_coords_box_toscreen   04ce9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_find_view_from_ro_win 04cea0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_start_task            04cf08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_handle_modechange     04d074 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_show_file             04d118 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_file_to_url           04d1b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
extract_value_multi      04d2d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_utils_js_escape       04d3f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_utils_url_escape      04d46c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_resource_get          04d4bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_increment_pluginfetch_count 04d598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_decrement_pluginfetch_count 04d5e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_substitute_flex_printf 04d624 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_brake_string_append 04d900 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_substitute 04db18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
accumulate_from_array    04dc90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_loopsubs 04dd68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_fsubstitutex 04dfbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
key_lookup               04e25c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_key_lookup            04e2b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_list_add         04e2f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_list_write       04e41c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_list_clear       04e578 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_key_handler           04e5b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_update_backend_maps 04e818 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
find_bar_from_number     04e9b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
find_bar_from_type       04e9f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
find_bar_from_name       04ea8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_image_set        04eaf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_image_reset      04ebd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_image_next       04ec04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_callback         04ec88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
setfocus                 04ecc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
givefocustobrowser       04ed08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
have_caret               04ed88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_set_highlight     04edc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_window_has_ptr        04ee64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
get_highlighted          04ef00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_toolboxevent_handler  04efa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_wimpkey_handler       04f00c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_mouseclick_handler    04f0f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_ptrenter_handler      04f168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_ptrleave_handler      04f204 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_windowopen_handler    04f270 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
count_bars               04f30c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
compare_info             04f33c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_create            04f34c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
delete_bar               04f44c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_calculate_size    04f4b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_descriptor 04f5a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_descriptor_maintain_focus 04f71c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_status_show           04f854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_status_hide           04fbe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm          04fd0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
toolbox_alarm_component_iterator 04fd90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_override_change 04fdc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_set_state 04fe54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_set_field_perpetual 04ff18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
important_nonfade_component 04ffc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_all_components_faded 05001c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
toolbox_alarm_component_iterator_with_set 0500c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_recall_all 05014c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_set_perpetuals 05021c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_set_field 050330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_active_without_check 0503d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
swap_bar_list_for_next   050630 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
pass_the_hidden_flag_up_stack 050764 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_add               0507bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_list_write        050880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_name              05097c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_name_list_write   0509dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bars_init             050ac4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bars_delete           050bc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_show              050cbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_show_resized      050d5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_hide              050db0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_thumper_running   050e7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_is_bar_showing        050f70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_mouse_moved           050f8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_animation_with_toolbar 050fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_is_thumper_running    051070 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_thumper_tick          0510a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_active  0510e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_field_perpetual 051168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_move_highlight        0511bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_get_highlighted_action 051454 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_get_highlight_position 0514d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_get_indexed_action    0515a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_has_highlight     05169c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_height            0516f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_window_handle     05173c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_allow_cycle_codec     051760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_return_current_tb_type 051798 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar_by_descriptor 0517b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar        05186c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar_by_type 05188c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar_by_identifier 0518ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_name  0518cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_type  051904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_identifier 05193c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar          05196c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_name  051990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_type  0519c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_identifier 0519f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_unique_identifier 051aa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
restore_key              051f50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
restore_toolbar          051f54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
restore_toolbar_name     051f58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
persist_key              051f5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
persist_toolbar          051f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
persist_toolbar_name     051f6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
fe_goto_url_match_url    051f84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_match_last_items 051fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_add          052004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_init         0520cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_shutdown     0520d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_write_item   052108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_write_flex   052178 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_optimise     0521fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
get_hotlist_category_count 052294 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
get_cat_by_num           0522ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
title_or_url             0522e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
get_format               052308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__compare_alpha   052310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__find_with_context 052348 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__free_item       05244c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__free            052488 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__unlink          0524f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__unlink_and_free 052538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_sanitycheck_title 05257c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__add_bycat       0525bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__remove          052700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__remove_oldest   0527ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__trim_length     052824 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__sort            05285c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__flush_pending_delete 05293c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__read_categories 0529a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_install_categories 052a58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__read_header     052b8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__read            052d00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_categories 052ec4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_header    052f2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write           052fe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_write_nvram_fn   0530cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_read_nvram_fn    053274 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__changed_message 05350c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_item      053554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_cat       05364c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_item_bycat 05372c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_read             0537e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_write            0538d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_add_bycat        053994 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_remove           053aa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_flush_pending_delete 053b08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_write_flex       053b60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_getcats_write_flex 053c48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_namecats_write_flex 053eb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_namefav_write_flex 053f24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_remove_list      053fec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_rename_category  054040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_rename_favourite 0540ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_update_access_time 05415c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_optimise         0541b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_init             054284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_shutdown         054308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_add_alarm_call 05430c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_look_behind   05435c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_get_bookmark_url 0543a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_add           0544b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_fav_move      054718 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_fav_rename    054834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_remove        054940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
re_read_config           054a7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
re_read_config_data      054b40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
write_config_data        054b48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_user_unload           054b50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_user_load             054b7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_punt_scheme   054b84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
modify_open_url_flags_for_dbox 054cd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
load_stbweb_returned_frames 054d1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_punt_scheme_EACK 054e70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_uriprocess_handler 0551c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_openurl_handler 0552f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_ncfresco_handler 0554dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_dataopen_handler 055570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_datasave_handler 0555f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_dataload_handler 0556bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_messageack_handler    05578c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_handle_service_diallerstatus 0557fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_handle_service_smartcard 055800 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_handle_service_standby 055850 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_service_handler 055890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_messages_register_riscos_handlers 0558e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_messages_deregister_riscos_handlers 055a38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
decode_string            055b48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
get_safe_box             055ba4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_transient_set_size    055c50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
decode_position_string   055f88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
decode_position          056078 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
meta_ensured_toolbar_dying 056208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
meta_dispose_of_document 056294 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
meta_dispose_of_view     0562e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_action_visit     056384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_action_finished  056460 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
invalidate_tb_showness   05685c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_invalidate_tb_showness 05688c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_positioned_view_possible 0568ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_decode_ncbrowsermode 056960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_dispose          056a88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
recording_start          056acc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
recording_pause          056b14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
recording_stop           056b28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
send_action              056b6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_plugin_changed_state 056bbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_event_handler      056c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
pushed_toolbar_dying     056e34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_register_plugin    056e80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_deregister_plugin  056ff8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
fe_internal_reload_target 057090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_kill_extras  057114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_check_popups_full 057134 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
get_source_view          057228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_toggle_panel 0572c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_toggle_panel_args 0572f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
should_we_display_url    0574f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
get_encoding_name        05758c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_reload       0575cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_openurl_nonfe 0575e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_openurl_only 057640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_openurl_sourced 057740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_cleanup      057838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
cmpPathToFnBlock         057980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_new          057988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_abort        057bd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_free         057bd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_cacheable    057bdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_check_homing 057c00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_event           057cb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_back     057cf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_cancel   057d78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_close    057da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_crash    057dd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_current  057de0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_dboxremove 057e98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_forward  057ea0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_home        057ef0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_hotlist     057fa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_loadurl     057fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_related  058134 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpage    058290 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_opentoolbar 058458 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_printpage 0584b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_printfinal 0584fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_select   058544 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_sendurl     0585ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_submit   0586dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
cmpPanelToFnBlock        058868 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_urls_init    058870 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel   0588ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_process  058a14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favourites 058ac8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favs 058c54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favsdelete 058c64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favsswitch 058c74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_catlist 058cf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favscats 058d94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favmove 058d9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_catrename 058da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favrename 058e40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_help 058f28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_history 058f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_historyalpha 05914c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_historyrecent 05915c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_historyswitch 05916c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_info 0591e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_error 059888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_alert 059920 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_okcancel 0599ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_prompt 059a38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_password 059ac4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_memdump 059b60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_message 059f70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_printframes 05a0d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_printoptions 05a16c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_related 05a20c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_url 05a36c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist  05a684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_storefav 05a70c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_move 05a80c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_cats 05a88c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_delete 05a898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_catrename 05a98c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_favrename 05aa84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_history_alpha 05ab14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_history_recent 05abdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_history_switch 05ac54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_error    05ace4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_alert    05ad10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_okcancel 05ad3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_prompt   05ad6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_password 05ad9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_print_frames 05adcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_print_options 05ae30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
oskfep_callback          05ae74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_shutdown          05b09c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_initialise        05b0a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_is_osk_showing        05b128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_refocus           05b13c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_refocus_alarm     05b208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_closed_state      05b23c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe__osk_close            05b270 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_close             05b394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_hide_alarm        05b3b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe__osk_open             05b3c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_closed_handler    05b670 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_openrequest_bounce 05b6a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_open_bounce       05b76c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_openresponse_handler 05b774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_windowsize_handler 05b7d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_reopen            05b868 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_open              05b8a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_toggle            05b94c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_pelican_view_create   05b99c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican.o)
fe_pelican_view_destroy  05b9e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican.o)
event_alarm              05ba24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_on_idle_poll    05ba98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
global_event_handler     05bb14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
toggle_event_handler     05bd78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
history_event_handler    05be0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
hotlist_event_handler    05c084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_reload          05c260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_stop            05c2ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
misc_event_handler       05c2f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
scroll_event_handler     05c5e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
allow_nextprevkill_window 05c6e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
highlight_event_handler  05c70c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
focus_event_handler      05c8b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
open_event_handler       05c908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
toolbar_event_handler    05c9d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
url_event_handler        05ccd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
disable_doc_ecma         05cdb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
frame_event_handler      05cddc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_handler         05ceb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe__print                05cf90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_possible        05d1c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printfinal      05d224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print                 05d340 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
checked                  05d5a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe__print_frames         05d5bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_frames_write_file 05d764 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printframes_write_flex 05d834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printoptions_write_flex 05d8fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_decode_printoptions 05dae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_decode_printframes 05ddbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printpage       05ded0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_history_write_time_string 05dfd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_a_write_item 05e130 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_t_write_item 05e210 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_recent_write_item 05e2e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_recent_write_list 05e400 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_write_list 05e4e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
list_insertsort_add      05e618 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
delete_helper            05e6a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_free_history_list 05e6dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_comparator    05e6ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_get_timesorted_list 05e704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
html_feed_characters     05e79c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
core_HTMLToRiscos        05e8dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
SGML_new                 05e98c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
create_new_html          05eb10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_some_file          05eb5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_html_file          05ec94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_new          05eca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_data         05ecc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_rh           05ed70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
html_free_context        05ed78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
close_actions            05edb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_close        05ee08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_new          05ee34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_data         05eeb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_rh           05ef48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_close        05ef50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_text_file          05ef7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_close       05ef88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_rh          05f030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_data        05f03c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_new         05f114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_gif_file           05f19c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_frames             05f1f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
select_pre_mode          05f220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
select_fmt_mode          05f26c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
select_str_mode          05f2b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
select_last_mode         05f300 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
get_lang_num             05f360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
rid_set_wideness         05f390 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
string_lang_name_to_num  05f3b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
set_rh_encoding          05f3f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
htmlriscos_colour        05f464 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_word      05f494 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_revoke_break   05f5e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_form_item            05f630 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
decode_img_align         05f7c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_image     05f8a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_aref_item            05fc38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_option_item          05fec0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_map_item             05ff28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
parse_coords_list        05ff8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_area_item            06002c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_select    060220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_textarea  060408 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
push_fake_search_form    06075c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_break     060828 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_ensure_linebreak 06091c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_ensure_break   06094c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_hr        060a04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_bullet    060b58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_scaffold  060c70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
pseudo_html_fixed        060cb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
pseudo_html              060d10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
bridge__get_attr         060d70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_do_cascade    060d84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_start_context 060e44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_finish_context 060f50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__get_valid_mapped_element 060fb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__set_props_flags  061044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__property_mask    0610c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__do_cascade       0610e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
convert_metric_units     06112c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_font_info  0611a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_colour_info 061738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_background_info 061868 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_content_info 061b28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_list_info  061f00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
adjusted_margin_value    061fc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_box_info   062020 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
dclip                    06218c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__property_to_metric 0621b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_lookup_font_family 0622a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_fix_pseudo_classes 062434 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
append_new               06245c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
deliver_nop              0624ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_word         0624c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_space        062560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_pre_open_markup 062618 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_pre_close_markup 06272c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_post_open_markup 06282c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_post_close_markup 0628a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_sgml         06299c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
deliver_unexpected       062a40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_eos          062b5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_word         062bac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_pre_open_markup 062d2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_eol          062d80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_eos          062e10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
str_deliver_word         062e74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
str_deliver_sgml         062e9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
my_sgml_pre_open         062ec0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
sgml_deliver             062ed8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
sgml_do_parser_fixups    063894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
starthtml                063898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
starthead                0638ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startartbody             06392c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbody                063968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
starta                   063bd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startimage               063d28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startimg                 063d2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startfont                063db0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbr_nonclearing      063f3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbr_clearing         063f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbr                  06402c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startmap                 064054 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startnobr                0640a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishnobr               0640d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startwbr                 064114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishartbody            06414c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finisha                  064150 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadoption           0641cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadoption          0641d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadli               0641d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadli              0641d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbaddt               0641dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbaddt              0641e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbaddd               0641e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbaddd              0641e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadcaption          0641ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadcaption         0641f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadcol              0641f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadcolgroup         0641f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadcolgroup        0641fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadtd               064200 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadtd              064204 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadth               064208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadth              06420c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadtr               064210 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadtr              064214 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startsgml                064218 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startxmp                 06421c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startabbr                064220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startacronym             06426c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startaddress             0642b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startnoscript            064310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishnoscript           06437c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishabbr               0643c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishacronym            0643cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishaddress            0643d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startlisting             0643d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startp                   0643d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startplaintext           064448 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startq                   06444c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startins                 06451c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startdel                 0645b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcenter             064644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcentre             064648 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcite               06464c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcode               064650 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdd                 064654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdfn                064658 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdir                06465c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdt                 064660 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishem                 064664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishfont               064668 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishhead               06466c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishhtml               064670 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishi                  064674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishkbd                064678 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishli                 06467c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishlisting            064680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishmap                064684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishmenu               064688 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishp                  06468c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishplaintext          064690 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishq                  064694 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishins                0646dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdel                0646e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishs                  0646e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsamp               0646e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishscript             0646ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishstrong             0647e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsub                0647e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsup                0647e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishtt                 0647ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishu                  0647f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishvar                0647f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishbig                0647f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdiv                0647fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsmall              064800 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishstrike             064804 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishstyle              064808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishxmp                0648d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
mimetype_to_filetype     0648d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
extension_to_filetype    064910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
make_base_object         0649ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
setup_text_object        064b68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_to_object            064bc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
unstack_object           064cfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add__param               064d0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_param                064d64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_param1               064de4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_param2               064e34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
applet_deliver           064eb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startapplet              065038 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishapplet             065258 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
object_deliver           0652a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startobject              06546c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishobject             065600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startembed               06564c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startbgsound             065a10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
noembed_deliver          065b30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startnoembed             065c40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishnoembed            065c8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startparam               065c90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startbadparam            065ce0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
iframe_deliver           065d38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startiframe              065e48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishiframe             066000 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
munge_frameset_list      066044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startframe               066140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startframeset            0662a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
finishframeset           066564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startarea                0665c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
noframes_deliver         066638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startnoframes            06674c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
finishnoframes           0667ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startnoframe             0667f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
finishnoframe            0667f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startbdo                 0667f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
finishbdo                066838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startb                   06683c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
finishb                  066884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startbasefont            066888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starttt                  0669bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starti                   066a04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startu                   066a50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starts                   066aa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startstrike              066af0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
adjust_font              066b40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startsub                 066c34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startsup                 066c90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startbig                 066cec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startsmall               066d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starttitle               066d8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
finishtitle              066dd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startisindex             066eac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
finishisindex            066f48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startbase                066f4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startstyle               066fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startscript              06701c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startmeta                067304 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startlink                0675f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
starthr                  067728 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startblockquote          067768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishblockquote         0677d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startdiv                 0677d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startcenter              067840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startcentre              06788c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startpre                 0678d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishpre                06792c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starthN                  067954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth1                  067a04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth2                  067a0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth3                  067a14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth4                  067a1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth5                  067a24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth6                  067a2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth7                  067a34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishhN                 067a3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh1                 067a40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh2                 067a44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh3                 067a48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh4                 067a4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh5                 067a50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh6                 067a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh7                 067a58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startform                067a5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishform               067ae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
make_eventhandlers       067af8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
input_make_data          067bc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
input_init_base          067c24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
input_button_attrs       067d0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startinput               067f90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startselect              06828c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishselect             068350 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startoption              068420 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishoption             0684c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startoptgroup            068554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishoptgroup           068618 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
starttextarea            0686c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishtextarea           068790 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startlabel               0687e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
is_form_item             0688b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishlabel              0688d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startfieldset            068a08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishfieldset           068c38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startlegend              068c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishlegend             068ce4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startbutton              068d18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishbutton             068f88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startem                  068fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startstrong              068ff4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startdfn                 06903c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startcode                069084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startsamp                0690cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startkbd                 069114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startvar                 06915c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startcite                0691a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startspan                0691f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
finishspan               069250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
decode_ol_type           069254 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
decode_ul_type           0692ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startol                  06934c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
finishol                 069464 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startul                  0694fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
finishul                 069610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startmenu                0696a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdir                 069708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdl                  069768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
finishdl                 069834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startli                  0698cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdd                  0699d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdt                  069a60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
nullfree                 069aa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strnicmpu                069adc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strcmpu                  069b64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strncmpu                 069ba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
stringdup                069c00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
valuestringdup           069c50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
mkstring                 069c80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
mkstring0                069ce8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
mkstringu                069d70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
stringcat                069e78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_add               069ef4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_terminate         069f9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_control     06a050 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strip_char               06a0b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_start       06a0e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_end         06a14c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_space       06a1ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustring_strip_start      06a1e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustring_strip_end        06a254 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustring_strip_space      06a2bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_squash_space      06a2f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_count_tokens      06a3a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_free              06a40c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_list_free         06a434 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
count_positions          06a470 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
get_tab_expanded_string  06a4f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
set_char_decode          06a674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
sgml_support_initialise  06a6b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_whitespace            06a774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_element_start_character 06a7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_element_body_character 06a7cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_entity_character      06a7f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
element_search_fn        06a824 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
find_element             06a888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
find_attribute           06a98c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
reset_lexer_state        06ab00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
clear_inhand             06ab2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
reset_tokeniser_state    06ab70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
free_buffer              06abb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_to_ubuffer           06abe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_to_buffer            06ac58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_to_prechop_buffer    06acd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_char_to_inhand       06ace8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
push_inhand              06acf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
push_bar_last_inhand     06ad44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustrtol                  06adb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustrnearly               06ae5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
report_start             06af54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
report_finish            06af58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
generic_start            06af5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
generic_finish           06af60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
base_url_join_string     06af64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
rid_dump_stack           06aff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
stack_new_props          06aff4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
ridprops_need_another    06b044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
stack_clear_props        06b074 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
clear_stack_item         06b104 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
stack_new_cleared_item   06b170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
clear_stack              06b1a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
sgml_free_stack          06b238 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
push_stack               06b29c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pop_stack                06b47c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
find_element_in_stack    06b538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pack_fn                  06b564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
unpack_fn                06b588 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
set_effects_fn           06b59c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
set_effects_wf_flag_fn   06b5dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
apply_effects            06b64c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
apply_effects_without    06b6d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
restore_elements_open    06b73c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pull_stack_item_to_top   06b808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pull_stack_item_to_top_correcting_effects 06b884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_bit_clear        06b8e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_bit_set          06b908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_clear_bit        06b928 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_set_bit          06b948 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_bitset_or        06b968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
sgml_handle_char         06b998 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_set_encoding        06ba0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_feed_characters_ascii 06ba68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_feed_characters_utf8 06baec + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_feed_characters     06bbd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_stream_finished     06bcd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_free_report         06be48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_free_context        06be84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_new_context         06bef8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_recursion_warning_pre 06bf78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_recursion_warning_post 06bf7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_install_deliver     06bf80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_remove_deliver      06bfc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_unwind_deliver      06bfe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
eol_sm                   06c020 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
decode_ctype             06c084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_fmt_word_chopper    06c0e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_pre_word_chopper    06c464 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_str_word_chopper    06c76c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_reset_chopper_state 06c838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
state_stuck_text         06c854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_some_sgml_command  06c8a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_close 06c8b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_2 06c8e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_2_0 06c91c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_1 06c94c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_1_0 06c980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_pre_initial 06c9ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_maybe      06c9dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_unquoted_attribute_value 06ca08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_postquote_attribute_value 06ca68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_quoted_attribute_value 06caf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_attribute_value 06cb1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_attribute_equals 06cba4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_attribute_name  06cc30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_quoted_attribute_name 06cca8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_attribute_name 06cce0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_element_name    06cd64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_had_markup_open_slash 06cdd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_had_markup_open    06cdf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_entity        06ce88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_find_element_body 06cf04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_find_element   06cfdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_find_slash     06d030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_comment_dash_dash 06d058 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_comment_dash   06d084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_comment        06d0a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_maybe_comment2 06d0c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_maybe_comment1 06d0ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_had_markup_open 06d118 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_script             06d14c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_style              06d190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_tag_only       06d1d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_markup_only        06d234 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_all_tags           06d2bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
get_state_proc           06d30c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
sgml_free_attribute      06d368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
sgml_free_attributes     06d3f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
default_attributes       06d428 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
is_element_open          06d454 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
open_within_container    06d4a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
force_close_to_matching  06d53c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ensure_pre_requisites    06d678 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ensure_post_requisites   06d9a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
is_bad_close             06daac + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
close_open_p_elements    06daf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ext_special_container_open_actions 06db70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
special_container_open_actions 06de10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ext_special_container_close_actions 06de14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
special_container_close_actions 06dfac + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
perform_element_open     06dfb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
perform_element_close    06e3d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
parse_then_perform_element_open 06e6a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
parse_then_perform_element_close 06e6e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_element           06e700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
assign_value             06e7e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_element_name      06e884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_start_attribute_name  06e934 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_attribute_name    06e944 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_start_attribute_value 06ea94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_attribute_value   06eaa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
convert_undefined_key_code 06ee18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
entity_compare_function  06ee54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
sgml_translation         06ee8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
entity_recognition       06f388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
sgml_do_parse_void       06f3c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_enum_void  06f3f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_enum       06f5b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_string_void 06f618 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_string     06f688 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_integer_void 06f6ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_integer    06f790 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml__do_parse_stdunit_void 06f7f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_stdunit_void 06fac8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_stdunit    06fb48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_stdunit_list 06fbb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_enum_string 06fd18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_bool       06fda0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_colour     06fe4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
make_sockaddr            06fef0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httpveneer_connection_new 06ff44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httpveneer_connection_dispose 06ffb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_open                070014 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_status              070120 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_close               070190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_completedpart       07020c + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_readdata            07024c + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_readdata_finished   0702e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_is_ssl_available    070318 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_init                070370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_tidyup              070388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_register_cert_callback 0703a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httppoll                 0703a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httppoll_handler         0704a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
make_sockaddr            0704ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftpveneer_connection_new 070540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftpveneer_connection_dispose 0705b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_open              070610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_status            070724 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_close             070780 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_readdata          070814 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_readdata_finished 070890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_init              0708c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_finalise          0708e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftppoll               0708fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftppoll_handler       0709f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
ecma__window_to_context  070a40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__push_jsecontext    070a64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__pop_jsecontext     070a88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__get_jsecontext     070aac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_initialise          070ae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_tidyup              070b5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__current_win_make_topmost 070ba4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ErrorFunction            070c0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_continue            070d5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_newcontext          070e84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__plugin_info_callback 070fb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__install_plugins_and_mimetypes 071040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_update_plugins_and_mimetypes 071080 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_start_run           071158 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_finish_run          0711c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_extend              0711ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_newwindow           071238 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_disablewindow       071390 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_named_ref    0713b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_indexed_ref  07141c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_array_ref    071480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_form_ref     071528 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_forms_ref    071640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_win_ref      071748 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_deletewindow        0718b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_long_set_value      0719a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_number_set_value    071a28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_text_item_get       071abc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_event_object_update 071b70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__variable_to_string 071f3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_interpret           072000 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_deletecontext       072168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__property_from_array_member 0721fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__array_property_from_document 0722ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__image_handler_exists 072370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__link_handler_exists 072414 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__form_handler_exists 0724b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__input_handler_exists 07255c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__doc_handler_exists 072628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__event_handler_is_threaded 072708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__call_function      0727ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__event_handler_execute 072848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_input_handler_execute 07289c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_image_handler_exists 0729d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_link_handler_exists 072a1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_form_handler_exists 072a60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_input_handler_exists 072aa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_doc_handler_exists  072b00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_select_update       072b3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_select_dispose      072c2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_in_interpret        072c68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_in_destroy          072c7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_suspend_security_checks 072c90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_restore_security_checks 072cac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserHash              072cc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_fail_security_check 072cf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
window_get_domain        072d00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSameOriginCheck   072db4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetTopWindow      072e90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetParentWindow   072ee0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetWindowObject   072ef0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNameOfWindow   072f70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetNameOfWindow   072f80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetDefaultStatus  072f90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetDefaultStatus  072fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetStatus         072ff8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetStatus         07302c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
frontend_view_children_js 073060 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
frontend_view_next_js    0730c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextFrame      073164 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserWhichFrameName    073178 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
find_frame_by_name       0731ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserWhichFrame        07324c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNthFrame       073250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserCountFrames       073298 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetLocation       0732d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetDocument       0732dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDisplayAlertDialog 0732e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDisplayQuestionDialog 07333c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDisplayPromptDialog 073394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserBlurWindow        073424 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGiveFocusToWindow 073468 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
constrain                0734bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
adjust_box_from_features 0734d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserOpenWindow        0736e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserCloseWindow       0739f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserScrollWindow      073a98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__goto_free          073ae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__goto_free_iterator 073b14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__goto_cancel_view   073b70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_goto_cancel         073b8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__goto_pending_iterator 073b94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_goto_pending        073ba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__goto_handler       073be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__do_goto            073cf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGotoURL           073da0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDocGotoURL        073e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserReloadLocation    073ea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__url_parse_js       073f00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__fill_in_url_contents 074080 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetLocationValue  0740bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetLocationValue  074204 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextAnchor     0742dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetAnchorValue    074370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetAnchorValue    0743a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserAnchorsChanged    0743c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextLink       0743f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetLinkValue      074488 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserFreeLinkValue     074538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetLinkURL        07458c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetLinkTarget     0745c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserLinksChanged      0745f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserLinkFocus         074624 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetHistoryLength  074674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserHistoryGo         07467c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserFormsChanged      0746c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextForm       0746ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserWhichFormName     074750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextImage      0747bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserImagesChanged     074820 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserWhichImageName    074850 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetImage          0748bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_image_change        0749e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_get_image_callback  074b60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserNewImage          074b6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetImage          074bbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetDocumentColor  074cd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetDocumentColor  074ecc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserOpenDocument      074f70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDocumentWrite     074f74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserCloseDocument     074fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetCookie         07512c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetCookie         075160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetLastModified   07516c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetDocumentURL    07524c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetReferrer       075254 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetTitle          075264 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserFormReset         07527c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
form_submit_handler      0752ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserFormSubmit        0752b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetForm           0752c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
replace_string           075338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetForm           075388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextElement    0753f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserWhichElementName  075430 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetElement        075490 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetElement        07576c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserElementBlur       0758a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserElementClick      075904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserElementFocus      07599c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserElementSelect     075a30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetElementOption  075ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetElementOption  075b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDeleteElementOption 075b90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNumOptions     075bc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetElementObjectVariable 075bc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
remove_timeout           075c0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
timeout_exists           075c7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
remove_timeouts_for_window 075cb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
execute_timeout          075d30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
blocked_timeout_handler  075e58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
timeout_handler          075eb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetTimeout        075eb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserClearTimeout      075f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
mm_ecmamalloc            075f98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
mm_ecmarealloc           075f9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
mm_ecmafree              075fa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_forcible_clearup    075fa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_window_get_document 075fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browser_js_get_doc_info  075fec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browser_js_free_doc_info 07604c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browser_js_global_to_doc 076058 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browser_js_doc_execute   0760b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browser_js_destroy_variable 076148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
AssignVarToProperty      076368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
AssignStringToProperty   0763e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
AssignLongToProperty     076458 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
AssignBooleanToProperty  0764cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
jseMakeMember            076540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
initialise_member        0765bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
encase_formatted         0765f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
encase_generic           076740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringanchor             076828 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringbig                076844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringblink              076850 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringbold               076860 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringfixed              07686c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringfontcolor          076878 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringfontsize           07689c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringitalics            0768c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringlink               0768cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringsmall              0768e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringstrike             0768f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringsub                076908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringsup                076914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Navigatorjava            076920 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Navigatortaintenabled    07697c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateScreenObject 0769c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserSetUpWindowObject 076b58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowalert              076dbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowconfirm            076e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowprompt             076ecc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowblur               076ffc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowfocus              07703c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
get_timeout_info         07707c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowsetinterval        077110 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowsettimeout         07716c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowcleartimeout       0771c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowclose              077224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
returnWindowObject       077264 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
newReturnWindowObject    077328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowopen               07738c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowscroll             0774c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Locationreload           077554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Locationreplace          0775c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Locationtostring         077638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Historyback              0776ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Historyforward           0776f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Historygo                077734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Documentclose            07779c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Documentopen             0777dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Documentwrite            07786c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Documentwriteln          077914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Formreset                077964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Formsubmit               0779a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Elementblur              0779e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Elementclick             077a24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Elementfocus             077a64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Elementselect            077aa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Linkfocus                077ae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Optionconstruct          077b1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Imageconstruct           077c60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
InitializeInternalLib_BrowserLib 078108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateFrameArray2 078144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
window_get               0782c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
window_put               078550 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
window_hasproperty       078678 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
framearray_get           07874c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
location_get             078860 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
location_put             078968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
link_get                 078b70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
link_put                 078c8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
history_get              078d8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
image_get                078e08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
image_put                078f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
form_get                 0790c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
form_put                 079210 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
element_get              0792ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
do_option_array_put      07954c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
element_and_option_array_put 079780 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
option_get               0799f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
option_put               079ae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserUpdateElement     079bcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserFillOptionFields  079d78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateElementOption 079e68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateOptionsArray2 079ef4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
valid_element_name       07a030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateElementObject 07a0a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateElementSubarray 07a4dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateElementArray2 07a5f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateFormObject  07a780 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateImageObject 07a9bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
anchor_get               07ab34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
anchor_put               07ac10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateAnchorArray 07acbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateAnchorObject 07ad3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserUpdateAnchorArray 07adc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateFormArray2  07aeb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateImageArray2 07b0e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateLinkArray2  07b328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
document_get             07b508 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
document_put             07bae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
document_hasproperty     07bc34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateMimeObject  07bd50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreatePluginObject 07be44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateLocationObject 07beec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateLinkObject  07c098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateHistoryObject 07c2c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateDocumentObject 07c3f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserGeneralInfo       07c734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserAddPlugin         07c8e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserAddMimeType       07cc28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserSetWindow         07ce08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserSetWindow2        07ce64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserInitialise        07ceb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserInternStrings     07ceb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserUninternStrings   07cf18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
ecma_is_defined          07cf64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
InitializejseEngine      07cfc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
TerminatejseEngine       07d008 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseInitializeEngine      07d00c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseTerminateEngine       07d030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseInitializeExternalLink 07d034 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseGetLinkData           07d074 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseGetExternalLinkParameters 07d084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
callApiStringEntry       07d094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callRemoveApiStringEntry 07d2a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
EnterIntoStringTable     07d2fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
LockedStringTableEntry   07d590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
GrabStringTableEntry     07d5c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
GrabStringTableEntryStrlen 07d5fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
RemoveStringTableEntry   07d684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ReleaseStringTableEntry  07d6a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
GetStringTableEntry      07d6b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
createGlobalStrings      07d798 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
Ecma_Object_construct    07d838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
Ecma_Object_toString     07d900 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
Ecma_Object_valueOf      07da08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
Ecma_Function_prototype  07da38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
Ecma_Function_toString   07da6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callCleanupGlobal        07db10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callNewSettings          07dbe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callInitialGlobal        07dd30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
InitializeBuiltinVariables 07de90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callInitial              07df10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
secodeSourceLocation     07df54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
functionInit             07e0ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ErrorVPrintf             07e16c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callPrintError           07e8e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
convertStringToNumber    07ea2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callCurrentName          07ec80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
functionName             07eca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callError                07eccc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callQuit                 07ed30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ParseSourceTextIntoArgv  07ed8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
FreeArgv                 07ef60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libraryNew               07efa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libraryDelete            07f078 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libfuncExpand            07f0d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libfuncNew               07f1a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libfuncNewWrapper        07f364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libfuncDelete            07f46c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
functionDelete           07f4a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetNameLength         07f4e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseSetNameLength         07f4ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseLibraryData           07f4f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseFuncVarCount          07f510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseMemberWrapperFunction 07f520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGlobalObjectEx        07f600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseLocateSource          07f674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseCurrentFunctionName   07f6cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseAppExternalLinkRequest 07f6d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetCurrentThisVariable 07f6ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseCreateStack           07f784 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jsePush                  07f7c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseQuitFlagged           07f7d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseCurrentContext        07f7e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetVariableName       07f804 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseCurrentFunctionVariable 07f84c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetFloatIndirect      07f874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetLong               07f898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetBoolean            07f8b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetString             07f8e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetWriteableString    07f908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jsePutString             07f930 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jsePutStringLength       07f958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
CopyPtrData              07f988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseCopyString            07fa40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetSharedData         07fa78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseSetSharedData         07fad0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseLibSetErrorFlag       07fb94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseLibErrorPrintf        07fbb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseSetObjectData         07fbfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetObjectData         07fc2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGarbageCollect        07fc5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
DescribeInvalidVar       07fce4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
BaseToULong              08001c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
SEVAR_GET_NUMBER_VALUE   0800ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
seapiCleanup             080148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
seapiGetValue            0801d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
seapiPutValue            0802f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
seapiDeleteVariable      08030c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
seapiCopyAndReturn       0803a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseLibSetExitFlag        08048c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseInterpInit            0804ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseInterpTerm            080584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseInterpExec            080620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseInterpret             080648 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseAddLibrary            0807a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseFuncVar               0807e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseFuncVarNeed           080850 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseVarNeed               08090c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetArrayLength        080988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseSetArrayLength        0809bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseSetAttributes         0809f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseSetObjectCallbacks    080a88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetObjectCallbacks    080acc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetAttributes         080afc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseReturnLong            080b78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseReturnNumber          080b98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseReturnVar             080bbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCompare               080c0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseFindVariable          080d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCreateVariable        080e08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCreateSiblingVariable 080e64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCreateConvertedVariable 080edc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCreateLongVariable    080f58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseDestroyVariable       080fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetType               080fb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
GenericGetNumber         080fe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseEvaluateBoolean       08103c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jsePutBoolean            081090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jsePutNumber             0810e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jsePutLong               08112c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
GenericGetDataPtr        081178 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
GenericPutDataPtr        081250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseConvert               081414 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseAssign                081488 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseMemberGuts            08151c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseMemberEx              081754 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseIndexMemberEx         0817c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetNextMember         081804 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseDeleteMember          081910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseActivationObject      0819c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jselibFindFunction       081a44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetFunction           081b2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
IsItAFunction            081ba4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseIsFunction            081bf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseIsLibraryFunction     081c28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
secallstackPush          081c58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCallFunctionEx        081cb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCreateWrapperFunction 081f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseTerminateExternalLink 082038 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseDestroyStack          08203c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jsePop                   0820a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseSetGlobalObject       082108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCallStackInfo         082150 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseFreeStackInfo         082674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseInternalizeString     0826e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetInternalString     08272c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseFreeInternalString    082798 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
LoadLibrary_Ecma         0827cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seecma.o)
jseGetNumber             082844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
objectToSourceHelper     08286c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseInitializeObject      082d14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseConstructObject       082e0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseCreateNumberVariable  082eac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
getDatumVar              082f00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
releaseDatumVar          08303c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetBooleanDatum       083048 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetNumberDatum        0830b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetIntegerDatum       083140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetInt32Datum         0831c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetUint32Datum        083234 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetUint16Datum        0832bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetStringDatum        08333c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
deleteResourceData       083460 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
jseGetResource           083464 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
STRCPYLEN_JSECHAR        083634 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
memcmp_jsechar           0836a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
BYTECOUNT_FROM_STRLEN    083728 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
JSECHARPTR_DIFF          083780 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
JsecharToAscii           0837c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
AsciiLenToJsechar        083834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
AsciiToJsechar           0838a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
jsecharCompare           0838d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
MY_strtol                08396c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
RemoveWhitespaceFromHeadAndTail 083a98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
StrCpyMallocLen          083bcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
long_to_string           083c14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
EcmaNumberToString       083c28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
UTF8_jsecharptr_inc      083e3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
UTF8_jsecharptr_offset   083e68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
UTF8_jsecharptr_get      083eb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
GetSlongFromVar          083edc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_builtin      083f34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_call         083f74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_propertyIsEnumerable 08401c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_isPrototypeOf 0840e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_hasProperty  0841fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_toLocaleString 0842b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_toSource     0842f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Function_builtin    084348 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
add_to_buffer            084388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Function_construct  0843e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Function_call       0847c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Function_apply      0848e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Function_toSource   084a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_builtin       084e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_call          084e6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_join          0850ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_reverse       0853b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
array_sort_func          085538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_sort          085750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_concat        085988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_pop           085c80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_push          085d78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_shift         085e7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_slice         086040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_splice        08628c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_unshift       08673c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_toSource      0868f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_builtin     086a44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_call        086a84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_construct   086b10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_valueOf     086bac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_toString    086c34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_toSource    086d0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_builtin      086dd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_call         086e14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_construct    086ea0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_valueOf      086f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
EcmaNumberToStringWithRadix 086ff4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toString     0872a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toSource     0873b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toSomething  087474 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toFixed      0876ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toExponential 0876f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toPrecision  0876fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Exception_toString  087704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
MakeExceptionObject      0878c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Exception           0879a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Exception_construct 0879e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_SyntaxError         087a28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_SyntaxError_construct 087a78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ReferenceError      087ab8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ReferenceError_construct 087b0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ConversionError     087b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ConversionError_construct 087ba0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ArrayLengthError    087be0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ArrayLengthError_construct 087c30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_TypeError           087c70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_TypeError_construct 087cc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_URIError            087d00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_URIError_construct  087d50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_EvalError           087d90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_EvalError_construct 087de0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_RegExpError         087e20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_RegExpError_construct 087e70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
DeclareUndefined         088210 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_Objects 088278 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
CreateNewObject          0882d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
ensure_type              0883b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
MyjseMember              08849c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_builtin      088518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_call         088558 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_construct    0885c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_toString     0886d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_fromCharCode 088760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_charAt       088854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_charCodeAt   088940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_indexOf      088a50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_lastIndexOf  088c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
SplitMatch               088eb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_split        0890a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_substr       089724 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_substring    0897fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_toLowerCase  089958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_toUpperCase  089a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_concat       089b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_slice        089d04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_toSource     089e84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_localeCompare 089f5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
add_char                 089fd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
add_string               08a028 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
replace_string           08a09c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
string_search_helper     08a710 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_match        08aec4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_search       08aecc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_replace      08aed4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_String 08b05c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
textcoreGet              08c594 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
collectUnallocate        08c5b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
mark_function            08c698 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
mark_global              08c6e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
mark_call                08c72c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
mark_variable            08c858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
mark_object              08c8f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
sweep                    08c984 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
collectRefill            08cba0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
destructors              08cc80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
noteDestructors          08cd64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
callDestructors          08ce64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
garbageCollect           08cf90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
seobjInit                08d084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
seobjNew                 08d118 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
seobjNewUnordered        08d180 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
sestrCreateAllocated     08d1e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
sevarDuplicateString     08d294 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
sestrCreate              08d310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
jseMallocWithGC          08d390 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
callImplicitParents      08d3e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callFunctionFully        08d598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callFunction             08d668 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callReturnFromFunction   08e11c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callCreateArguments      08e27c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callCreateVariableObject 08e36c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callInterpret            08e748 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callDelete               08e8e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
InitGlobalPrototype      08eacc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callNewGlobalVariable    08eb84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callFindAnyVariable      08ec64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callErrorTrapped         08effc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callGetVarNeed           08f044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
atexitNew                08f3cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(atexit.o)
atexitDelete             08f3fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(atexit.o)
atexitCallFunctions      08f444 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(atexit.o)
atexitAdd                08f48c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(atexit.o)
jseCallAtExit            08f4e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(atexit.o)
sevarChopFromLeft        08f4e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarValidateIndex       08f57c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarSetArrayLength      08f7b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarGetValue            08f958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarDoPut               08fad0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarPutValueEx          08fb44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarGetFunction         08fd88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjSetAttributes       08fe30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjGetAttributes       08fe5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjIndexMember         08fe88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjIndexMemberStruct   08fec8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjGetMemberStructEx   08ff08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjGetMember           090068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjChildMember         090094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjChildMemberStruct   0900bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjSetFunction         0901cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjMakeEcmaArray       090228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarDerefDynamicIndex   090274 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
ConcatenateStrings       0902e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
ConcatVarPropertyName    0903f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
IsThisTheVariable        0904b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
FindNames                09066c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
CreateFromNumberText     0907c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
CreateFromString         0908c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarAssignFromText      090bc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
AutoConvert              090ccc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarECMACompareLess     090d7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarCompare             090f78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarECMACompareEquality 090ff8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarGetArrayLength      09135c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjNewMember           091424 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjCreateMemberGeneric 091480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjCreateMemberCopy    091694 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjCreateMemberType    0916c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarInitType            0916fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarInitNewObject       091788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarGetFuncVar          09185c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToPrimitive  0918fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToBoolean    091948 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToNumber     091a0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
convertToSomeInteger     091ad4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToSomeInteger 091c44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToString     091c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToObject     091de0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvert             091fb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjCanPut              092040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarCallConstructor     0920bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
SEVAR_STRING_LEN         092178 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarGetData             0921a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
GetDotNamedVar           092264 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjDeleteMember        0924d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjFullDeleteMember    0926bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjCallDynamicProperty 092770 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarDefaultValue        092e74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjHasProperty         09316c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
libDerefer               0933f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(library.o)
libraryAddFunctions      0934a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(library.o)
libfuncNewCompact        093a00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(library.o)
localNew                 093bb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
localMinimizeTokens      093c5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
localNextToken           093c98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
localDelete              093d08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
localAddVarName          093d64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
loclCreateConstant       093e44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
loclFindLocal            093e74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
loclFindParam            093ed0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
loclAddLocal             093f20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
RunCompiledCode          094058 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(interprt.o)
interpretInit            0943d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(interprt.o)
interpretTerm            094760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(interprt.o)
do_op_member             0948c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
varGrabStringTableEntry  094a10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
do_array_member          094a9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
findCachedGlobal         094b08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
callWithCatchEntry       094bd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
secodeInterpret          094c94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
HourFromTime             0976b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MinFromTime              097730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
SecFromTime              09779c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
msFromTime               097800 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
BuiltinDateConstructor   097848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DaysInYear               097888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DayFromYear              0978f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
YearFromTime             0979ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
InLeapYear               097a74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DayWithinYear            097ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MonthFromTime            097b14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateFromTime             097c0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
WeekDay                  097d08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
millisec_from_gmtime     097d68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DaylightSavingTA         097e3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
LocalTime                097f6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
UTC                      097fd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
IsFinite                 098094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
TimeWithinDay            0980c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MakeTime                 098128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MakeDay                  0981f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MakeDate                 09830c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
TimeClip                 098378 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
ensure_valid_date        098410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
GetNumbersFromString     098450 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
do_parse                 098590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
msElapsedSince1970       0989c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
do_date_construction     0989c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateConstruct            098d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateCall                 098d7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_fromSystem     098de0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toSystem       098ec4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_UTC            098f28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_parse          0990bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toString       099140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toDateString   099258 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toTimeString   099394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_valueOf        0994c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_defaultValue   099540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateGet                  099584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getYear        0996f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getFullYear    0996fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCFullYear 099708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getMonth       099714 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCMonth    099720 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getDate        09972c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCDate     099738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getDay         099744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCDay      099750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getHours       09975c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCHours    099768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getMinutes     099774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCMinutes  099780 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getSeconds     09978c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCSeconds  099798 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getMilliseconds 0997a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCMilliseconds 0997b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getTimezoneOffset 0997bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setTime        09987c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
ForceNumberFromFuncVar   09995c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
SetHourMinSecMilli       0999c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setMilliseconds 099c3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCMilliseconds 099c48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setSeconds     099c54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCSeconds  099c60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setMinutes     099c6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCMinutes  099c78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setHours       099c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCHours    099c90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
SetYearMonDay            099c9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setDate        099f1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCDate     099f4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setMonth       099f7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCMonth    099fac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setFullYear    099fdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCFullYear 09a00c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setYear        09a03c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateToString             09a06c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toLocaleString 09a174 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toUTCString    09a17c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toSource       09a184 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_Date 09a4e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Math_abs            09a520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_acos           09a580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_asin           09a60c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_atan           09a694 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_atan2          09a738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_ceil           09a960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_cos            09a9c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_exp            09aa38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_floor          09aabc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_log            09ab24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_max            09abc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_min            09ac70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_pow            09ad18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_random         09af84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_round          09b084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_sin            09b0f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_sqrt           09b164 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_tan            09b200 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
MathLibInitFunction      09b53c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
MathLibTermFunction      09b5ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_Math 09b5b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_eval                09b5fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_parseInt            09b6c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_parseFloat          09ba4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_escape              09bbc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_unescape            09c074 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_isNaN               09c3d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_isFinite            09c470 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
OctetsToUlong            09c510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
URIDecode                09c5cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_decodeURI           09ca6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_decodeURIComponent  09cb1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
UlongToOctets            09cbc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
URIEncode                09cd14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_encodeURI           09cfb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_encodeURIComponent  09d0ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_Misc 09d22c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
EcmaAliasOfPerlName      09d268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
regexpGetCallback        09d320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
regexpPutCallback        09d36c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_toString          09d3e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
initPerlMatches          09d680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
compileRegExp            09d730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_delete            09dce4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_CallOrCompile     09dda4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_call              09def0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_compile           09df70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_ExecOrCallOrTest  09dfd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_exec              09e9dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_callexec          09ea0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_test              09ea3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExpInitFunction       09ea6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_RegExp 09ead8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
dynamicBufferInit        09eb18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
dynamicBufferTerm        09eb58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
dynamicBufferAppend      09eb60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
dynamicBufferAppendLength 09ebe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
jseEscapeString          09ec5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
jseConvertToSource       09ee74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
textlibGet               09f464 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(setxtlib.o)
tokFilename              09f47c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokLineNumber            09f4e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokGetVar                09f4fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokSetVar                09f518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
CompileFromText          09f558 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokLookAhead             09f6cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokGetNext               09f738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokRegExp                09ff58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
SpecialMathOnNonFiniteNumbers 0a0030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(operator.o)
getTokDescription        0a02bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(operator.o)
pcre_version             0a02f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pcre_info                0a0314 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
check_escape             0a0388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
is_counted_repeat        0a0600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
read_repeat_counts       0a06a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
find_fixedlength         0a07b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
compile_branch           0a09f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
compile_regex            0a1b48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
first_significant_code   0a1d94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
is_anchored              0a1e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
is_startline             0a1ef8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
find_firstchar           0a1fa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pcre_compile             0a2088 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
match_ref                0a2d98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
match                    0a2e48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pcre_exec                0a4b28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pcre_posix_error_code    0a544c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
ecma_regerror            0a54b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
ecma_regfree             0a55c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
ecma_regcomp             0a55d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
ecma_regexec             0a5654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
sourceDelete             0a5740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(source.o)
sourceNew                0a576c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(source.o)
sourceNewFromText        0a57a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(source.o)
sourceNextLine           0a586c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(source.o)
secompileAddItem         0a5944 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileFileInfoCard    0a5b64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileAdvancePtr      0a5bf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileFixupGotoItem   0a5c5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
gototrackerNew           0a5cc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
gototrackerDelete        0a5cfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileAddGoto         0a5df8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileAddLabel        0a5eac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
looptrackerAddBreak      0a5f58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
looptrackerAddContinue   0a5fb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
looptrackerNew           0a6010 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
looptrackerDelete        0a6050 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileNewLoop         0a6100 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileEndLoop         0a6138 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileAddBreak        0a6180 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileAddContinue     0a61e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileUpdate          0a6248 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileTargetted       0a62c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileDelete          0a63b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompilePeephole        0a6470 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileFunction        0a697c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileFunctionBody    0a6d64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileObject          0a7160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileArray           0a7334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileFunctionArgs    0a74ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompilePrimaryExpression 0a7580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileMemberExpression 0a78e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompilePostfixExpression 0a7b80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileOperatorExpression 0a7c78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompilePutValue        0a81a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileGetValueKeep    0a824c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileGetValueForParam 0a8314 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileGetValue        0a83dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileGetValueAsObject 0a848c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileDiscard         0a8530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileExpressionEx    0a8570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
CompileRegExpLiteral     0a864c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(codeprt2.o)
CompileStringToken       0a8908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(codeprt2.o)
GetVariableNameOrKeyword 0a8afc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(codeprt2.o)
secompileIf              0a8c88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileWhile           0a8da0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileDo              0a8e94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileVar             0a8fa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileFor             0a907c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileSwitch          0a94e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileWith            0a97a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileTry             0a98f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileStatement       0a9b34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
layers_ecmascript_document_exit 0aa094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmascript.o)
ecmax_shutdownFunctions  0aa098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmascript.o)
layers_ecmascript_extend 0aa0b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmascript.o)
ensureMessage            0aa224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
clearMessageRegisteration 0aa2ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
newContextObj            0aa328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
deleteContextObject      0aa378 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
newHandleObj             0aa3bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
deleteHandleObject       0aa42c + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
findOrAddContext         0aa4d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
addHandle                0aa558 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
removeHandleFromContext  0aa6c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
recursiveContextSearch   0aa7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
removeHandle             0aa844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
removeHandleChain        0aa908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
SetHandleAttributes      0aa988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
GetHandleAttributes      0aaa2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
MediaCtrl_EndOfContext   0aaa88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
MediaCtrl_EndOfBrowser   0aaba0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
ecmax_getMediaObjectEx   0aac14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
ecmax_setMediaObjectsValue 0aace8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
ecmax_setMediaObjects    0aad70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
ecmax_execute_script_from_objects 0aaf08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
getHandle                0ab030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
execute_script_callback  0ab08c + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
ecmax_service_handler    0ab174 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
ensureAppMessage         0ab21c + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
clearAppMessageRegistration 0ab270 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
deleteMsgObject          0ab2bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
getMsgObject             0ab330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
getMsgObjectFromThis     0ab36c + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
deleteFunctionFromHandle 0ab3f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
AppMsgr_EndOfBrowser     0ab478 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
getExFunctionFromHandle  0ab4ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
GetUniqueId              0ab5d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
msgr_delete              0ab640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
msgr_put                 0ab714 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
msgr_get                 0ab7d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
appmsgr_send             0ab904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
construct_AppMsgr        0aba28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
execute_appmsg_script_callback 0abdb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
appmsg_msg_handler       0abf00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
get_doc_from_context     0abff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(utilities.o)
jseTypeInteger           0ac040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(utilities.o)
dieWithError             0ac0d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(utilities.o)
jseErrorFromRiscOS       0ac128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(utilities.o)
makeJseError             0ac208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(utilities.o)
makeRiscOSError          0ac2f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(utilities.o)
jsePluginInform          0ac364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(utilities.o)
ecmax_utils_checkURL     0ac3e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(utilities.o)
ecmax_utils_getextensions 0ac4e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(utilities.o)
checkInitiatingContext   0ac6d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
video_control_load       0ac908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
video_control_unload     0aca90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
video_control_play       0acb3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
video_control_getOption  0acc88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
video_control_setOption  0acd84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
getMoreInfo              0ace80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
video_control_getResponse 0ad018 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
mediactrl_put            0ad214 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
mediactrl_delete         0ad5d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
construct_MediaCtrl      0ad7f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
mouse_off                0ad998 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_misc.o)
mouse_on                 0ad9c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_misc.o)
key_stopautorepeat       0ad9f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_misc.o)
get_env_variable         0ada28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_misc.o)
ecmaxScreenModeGetSystem 0adc08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
ecmaxScreenModeGetlog2bpp 0adc94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
getKernelVersion         0adcc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
compareScreenModeToCurrent 0add90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
readCurrentScreenMode    0ade34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
comparePaletteToCurrent  0adef0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
readCurrentScreenPalette 0adff8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
restoreDENCSettings      0ae108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
ecmaxScreenModeRestoreMode 0ae1d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
ecmaxDeleteCachedScreenMode 0ae360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
ecmaxReadCurrentScreenToStack 0ae3b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
modeStruct_palmOff       0ae730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
recurseDecent_deletion   0ae904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
ecmaxScreenModeDeleteModeChange 0ae9c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
ecmaxSetScreenMode       0aea24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
ecmaxSetScreenPalette    0aeb58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
ecmaxScreenModeEnsureTrans 0aef7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
ecmaxScreenModeChangeValues 0af0b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
getColourFromString      0af3b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
allocateAndFillPaletteArray 0af410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
setReadOnlyError         0af564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
getNumber                0af570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
setNumber                0af5ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
getDualMono              0af680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
setDualMono              0af750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
getScreenInfo            0af82c + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
getScreenMode            0af9f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
setScreenMode            0afd54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
getBoolean               0b0254 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
setBoolean               0b02d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
getNotBoolean            0b0374 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
setNotBoolean            0b03f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
getFrame                 0b0498 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
setFrame                 0b06d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
getMPEGdecoder           0b08f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
setMPEGdecoder           0b09d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
ObjectToIntBlock         0b0ab0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
IntBlockToObject         0b0bc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
getGenericOptions        0b0c5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
setGenericOptions        0b0d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
cmpStringToFnBlock       0b0e1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
getOptionObjectFromString 0b0e24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
setOptionObjectFromString 0b0ea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
setDefaultVideoCtrlOptions 0b0f28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
CSS_make_new_manager     0b0f84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_delete_manager       0b0fc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_ready          0b103c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_get_handle     0b1068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_data           0b1128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_cancel         0b11e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_import_page          0b128c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_context_new          0b12f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_context_cascade      0b1394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_context_remove       0b140c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_current_url          0b14a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_get_property         0b14c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__restart_document    0b1524 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__flush_stack         0b1538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__add_style_db        0b1578 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__clean_styles        0b1600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_init        0b164c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_finish      0b1698 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_replace_property 0b16e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_extract_properties 0b178c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_merge       0b195c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__fsp_do_fixup        0b1a40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__fix_pseudo_properties 0b1aa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_process_dbase 0b1b60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade             0b1c80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
css_init                 0b1d60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css_config.o)
CSS_dbref__new           0b1db0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref__delete        0b1e10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref__find          0b1e60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_add_reference  0b1ec4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_remove_reference 0b1f1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_add_data_handle 0b1f7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_data_handle    0b1f94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_data_url       0b1fa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_has_import     0b1fac + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
css_parse_full           0b1fc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(parser.o)
CSS_escape_to_ucs4       0b205c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_escape_to_utf8       0b21b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_stricmp              0b22b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_strnicmp             0b2328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_ctx_new              0b23b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_delete           0b241c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_recycle          0b2470 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_push             0b2504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_pop              0b2510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_last             0b2530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_element      0b2540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_class        0b2554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_id           0b2564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_style        0b2574 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_clink_load           0b2584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cascade.o)
CSS_ctab_delete          0b2658 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cascade.o)
CSS_ctab_find            0b26ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cascade.o)
css_db_init              0b26d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_finish       0b2734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_finish            0b27b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_sel_active_list   0b2804 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_sel_commit        0b280c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_property_set_id   0b2840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_merge_list        0b2870 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_commit       0b2898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_rollback     0b290c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_new          0b2938 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_add          0b2990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_add_int      0b29c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_add_dbl      0b2a28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_make_table        0b2a94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_match_first       0b2ac8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_match_next        0b2ae0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
CSS_selparse__init       0b2b7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse_new         0b2c1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__recover    0b2c60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse_delete      0b2cd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__grow       0b2d10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__add_chunk  0b2d74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__part_add   0b2d90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__commit     0b2e88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__char_ok    0b2fd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__push_inhand 0b3024 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__process_char 0b3084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__process_part 0b3128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse_parse       0b3194 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_part_free        0b33a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_free_list        0b3428 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_set_specificity  0b349c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_get_specificity  0b34b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_get_order        0b34c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_calc_specificity 0b34d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_get_pseudo       0b3598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel__find_class      0b35ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_match            0b368c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_make_table       0b387c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add         0b38f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_dbl     0b3970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel__data_add_integer 0b39f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_int     0b3a70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_enum    0b3aa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_bool    0b3ad0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_str     0b3b00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_list        0b3ba4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_link_new             0b3bac + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_free            0b3be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_clear           0b3c3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_add             0b3c54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_getdata         0b3cc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_setdata         0b3cd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_count           0b3cf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_first           0b3d04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_next            0b3d10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_foreach         0b3d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_merge           0b3dac + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_init_lexer           0b3e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
css_clean_lexer          0b3e5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yylex                    0b3e70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_get_previous_state    0b4e1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_try_NUL_trans         0b4f58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_switch_to_buffer      0b5088 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_load_buffer_state     0b50f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_delete_buffer         0b512c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_scan_buffer           0b517c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_scan_bytes            0b520c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
set_font_weight          0b5280 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
set_font_style           0b52ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
convert_units            0b52d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
parser_recover_state     0b5334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
reset_recover_state      0b5348 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_yy_init              0b5358 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_color_check 0b538c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_color_number 0b53c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_color_name 0b5470 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_font_size 0b54cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_font_weight 0b54e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_url      0b558c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__grow    0b5724 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__add_word 0b57d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__new_word 0b5824 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__commit  0b586c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_yy_tidy              0b58c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__import_page          0b5908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__parse_selector       0b5950 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yyparse                  0b59b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
webimage2_start          0b6900 + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage2.o)
webimage2_feed           0b69b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage2.o)
webimage2_destroy        0b6af8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage2.o)
webimage_init            0b6b50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(winit.o)
webimage2__init_source   0b6ba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__fill_input_buffer 0b6bac + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__skip_input_data 0b6c2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__term_source   0b6c7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__src           0b6c80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_error    0b6d0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_message  0b6d1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_init     0b6d30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_info     0b6d8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_state_machine 0b6e94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
progress_monitor         0b7204 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_feed     0b7208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_destroy  0b72f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2_jpeg_recognise 0b7330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
get_soi                  0b7360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_sof                  0b7430 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_sos                  0b7854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_app0                 0b7c20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_app14                0b7f24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dac                  0b811c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dht                  0b8308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dqt                  0b869c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dri                  0b89b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
skip_variable            0b8b08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
next_marker              0b8bec + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
first_marker             0b8d64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
read_markers             0b8e30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
read_restart_marker      0b91d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
jpeg_resync_to_restart   0b92a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
reset_marker_reader      0b93e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
jinit_marker_reader      0b9414 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
jpeg_create_decompress   0b94cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_destroy_decompress  0b9564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_abort_decompress    0b9568 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_set_marker_processor 0b956c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
default_decompress_parms 0b95bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_read_header         0b9794 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_consume_input       0b983c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_input_complete      0b9944 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_has_multiple_scans  0b99a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_finish_decompress   0b9a04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
put_pixel_rows           0b9b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
put_pixel4bpp_rows       0b9b50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
start_output_sprite      0b9bd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
read_sprite_map          0b9f28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
read_sprite4bpp_map      0b9fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
read_sprite8bpp_map      0b9ff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
finish_output_sprite     0ba038 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
jinit_write_sprite       0ba098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
jpeg_start_decompress    0ba3f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
output_pass_setup        0ba52c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_read_scanlines      0ba660 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_read_raw_data       0ba760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_start_output        0ba88c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_finish_output       0ba914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
error_exit               0bbae0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
output_message           0bbb1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
emit_message             0bbb4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
format_message           0bbbb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
reset_error_mgr          0bbcb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
jpeg_std_error           0bbcd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
jpeg_abort               0bbd48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
jpeg_destroy             0bbda0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
jpeg_alloc_quant_table   0bbddc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
jpeg_alloc_huff_table    0bbe14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
out_of_memory            0bbe4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_small              0bbe6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_large              0bbff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_sarray             0bc0b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_barray             0bc194 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
request_virt_sarray      0bc274 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
request_virt_barray      0bc314 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
realize_virt_arrays      0bc3b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
do_sarray_io             0bc5d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
do_barray_io             0bc6b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
access_virt_sarray       0bc79c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
access_virt_barray       0bc978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
free_pool                0bcb58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
self_destruct            0bccc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
jinit_memory_mgr         0bcd18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
initial_setup            0bce44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
per_scan_setup           0bd0a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
latch_quant_tables       0bd28c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
start_input_pass         0bd368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
finish_input_pass        0bd3c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
consume_markers          0bd3dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
reset_input_controller   0bd4e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
jinit_input_controller   0bd54c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
use_merged_upsample      0bd5c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
jpeg_calc_output_dimensions 0bd65c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
prepare_range_limit_table 0bd730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
master_selection         0bd7d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
prepare_for_output_pass  0bda60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
finish_output_pass       0bdc74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
jpeg_new_colormap        0bdcb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
jinit_master_decompress  0bdd6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
put_pixel16bpp_rows      0bddcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite16.o)
jpeg_get_small           0bdff4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_free_small          0bdffc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_get_large           0be004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_free_large          0be00c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_mem_available       0be014 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_open_backing_store  0be01c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_mem_init            0be034 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_mem_term            0be03c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jdiv_round_up            0be040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jround_up                0be054 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jcopy_sample_rows        0be084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jcopy_block_row          0be0d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jzero_far                0be0e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
select_ncolors           0be0f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
output_value             0be254 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
largest_input_value      0be268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
create_colormap          0be27c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
create_colorindex        0be424 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
make_odither_array       0be584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
create_odither_tables    0be634 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
color_quantize           0be6cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
color_quantize3          0be75c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
quantize_ord_dither      0be7e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
quantize3_ord_dither     0be8d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
quantize_fs_dither       0be9e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
alloc_fs_workspace       0bebf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
start_pass_1_quant       0bec60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
finish_pass_1_quant      0bed88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
new_color_map_1_quant    0bed8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
jinit_1pass_quantizer    0beda4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
prescan_quantize         0beea0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_biggest_color_pop   0bef44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_biggest_volume      0bef8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
update_box               0befcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
median_cut               0bf3b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
compute_color            0bf538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
select_colors            0bf6ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_nearby_colors       0bf78c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_best_colors         0bf974 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
fill_inverse_cmap        0bfae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
pass2_no_dither          0bfbec + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
pass2_fs_dither          0bfcb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
init_error_limit         0c0020 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
finish_pass1             0c00dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
finish_pass2             0c0110 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
start_pass_2_quant       0c0114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
new_color_map_2_quant    0c0298 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
jinit_2pass_quantizer    0c02a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
build_ycc_rgb_table      0c0484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
start_pass_merged_upsample 0c05ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
merged_2v_upsample       0c05c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
merged_1v_upsample       0c06cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
h2v1_merged_upsample     0c0720 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
h2v2_merged_upsample     0c0884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
jinit_merged_upsampler   0c0a94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
build_ycc_rgb_table      0c0b5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
ycc_rgb_convert          0c0c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
null_convert             0c0da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
grayscale_convert        0c0e1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
ycck_cmyk_convert        0c0e5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
start_pass_dcolor        0c0fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
jinit_color_deconverter  0c0fac + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
start_pass_upsample      0c11a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
sep_upsample             0c11bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
fullsize_upsample        0c12f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
noop_upsample            0c1300 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
int_upsample             0c130c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v1_upsample            0c13e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v2_upsample            0c143c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v1_fancy_upsample      0c14d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v2_fancy_upsample      0c15a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
jinit_upsampler          0c16f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
start_pass_dpost         0c1970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
post_process_1pass       0c1a90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
post_process_prepass     0c1b48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
post_process_2pass       0c1c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
jinit_d_post_controller  0c1d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
start_pass               0c1e28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jddctmgr.o)
jinit_inverse_dct        0c1f9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jddctmgr.o)
start_pass_phuff_decoder 0c2044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
process_restart          0c23a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_DC_first      0c2444 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_AC_first      0c26b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_DC_refine     0c2970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_AC_refine     0c2aac + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
jinit_phuff_decoder      0c2fc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
start_pass_huff_decoder  0c3090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jpeg_make_d_derived_tbl  0c3208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jpeg_fill_bit_buffer     0c3430 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jpeg_huff_decode         0c3588 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
process_restart          0c36a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
decode_mcu               0c3740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jinit_huff_decoder       0c3bf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
start_iMCU_row           0c3c68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
start_input_pass         0c3cac + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
start_output_pass        0c3cb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
decompress_onepass       0c3d18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
dummy_consume_data       0c3fd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
consume_data             0c3fe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
decompress_data          0c41d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
smoothing_ok             0c43d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
decompress_smooth_data   0c4484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
jinit_d_coef_controller  0c4c60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
alloc_funny_pointers     0c4dcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
make_funny_pointers      0c4eac + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
set_wraparound_pointers  0c4fdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
set_bottom_pointers      0c50c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
start_pass_main          0c5190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
process_data_simple_main 0c5230 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
process_data_context_main 0c52d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
process_data_crank_post  0c5480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
jinit_d_main_controller  0c54b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
jpeg_idct_ifast          0c55e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jidctfst.o)
webimage2__png_error     0c5adc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_nomem     0c5ae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_warning   0c5aec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_1                   0c5af0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_2to4                0c5cdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_4                   0c5e28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_8to4                0c6034 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
near_8bpp                0c6244 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_8                   0c6340 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_8to8                0c6568 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_24to8               0c686c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
alpha_24to8              0c6a6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_24to16              0c6c38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__call_irec     0c6f2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_spritehdr 0c72f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_info      0c75a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_row       0c7680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_end       0c7788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_init      0c778c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_feed      0c77dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_destroy   0c78b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2_png_recognise  0c7924 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
png_set_crc_action       0c7954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_background       0c7a50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_strip_16         0c7b2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_strip_alpha      0c7b3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_dither           0c7b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_gamma            0c8430 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_expand           0c847c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_palette_to_rgb   0c848c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_gray_1_2_4_to_8  0c849c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_tRNS_to_alpha    0c84ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_gray_to_rgb      0c84bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_rgb_to_gray      0c84cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_rgb_to_gray_fixed 0c8508 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_read_user_transform_fn 0c8638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_init_read_transformations 0c864c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_read_transform_info  0c9048 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_transformations 0c9248 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_unpack            0c96b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_unshift           0c981c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_chop              0c9a4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_swap_alpha   0c9ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_invert_alpha 0c9c44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_filler       0c9d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_gray_to_rgb       0ca044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_rgb_to_gray       0ca208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_build_grayscale_palette 0caa14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_background        0caa9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_gamma             0cbd20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_expand_palette    0cc168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_expand            0cc408 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_dither            0cc864 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_build_gamma_table    0cc9c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_bgr              0ccf7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_swap             0ccf8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_packing          0ccfa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_packswap         0ccfc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_shift            0ccfe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_interlace_handling 0cd000 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_filler           0cd024 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_swap_alpha       0cd084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_invert_alpha     0cd094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_invert_mono      0cd0a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_invert            0cd0b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_swap              0cd0f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_packswap          0cd13c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_strip_filler      0cd1a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_bgr               0cd478 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_user_transform_info 0cd5a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_get_user_transform_ptr 0cd5b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_process_data         0cd5bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_process_some_data    0cd60c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_sig        0cd654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_chunk      0cd744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_crc_skip        0cde04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_crc_finish      0cde14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_fill_buffer     0cdf24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_save_buffer     0cdfe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_restore_buffer  0ce0d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_IDAT       0ce0f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_process_IDAT_data    0ce2f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_process_row     0ce410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_read_push_finish_row 0ce7bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_handle_tEXt     0ce8e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_tEXt       0ce974 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_handle_zTXt     0cea7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_zTXt       0ceb08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_handle_unknown  0cedd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_have_info       0cef24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_have_end        0cef34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_have_row        0cef44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_progressive_combine_row 0cef5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_set_progressive_read_fn 0cef80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_get_progressive_ptr  0cefa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_create_read_struct   0cefac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_init            0cf248 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_init_2          0cf268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_info            0cf490 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_update_info     0cfb7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_start_read_image     0cfbb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_row             0cfbc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_rows            0d0090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_image           0d015c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_end             0d01d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_destroy_read_struct  0d0758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_destroy         0d081c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_set_read_status_fn   0d0a80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_png             0d0a88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_set_sig_bytes        0d0c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sig_cmp              0d0cac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_check_sig            0d0d20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_zalloc               0d0d50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_zfree                0d0da8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_reset_crc            0d0dac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_calculate_crc        0d0ddc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_create_info_struct   0d0e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_destroy_info_struct  0d0e64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_info_init            0d0ea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_data_freer           0d0eb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_free_data            0d0f18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_info_destroy         0d1320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_io_ptr           0d137c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_copyright        0d1384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_libpng_ver       0d1450 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_header_ver       0d1468 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_header_version   0d1478 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_handle_as_unknown    0d14b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_reset_zstream        0d1530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_access_version_number 0d1538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_error                0d1544 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_warning              0d1580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_format_buffer        0d1590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_chunk_error          0d1684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_chunk_warning        0d16bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_default_error        0d16f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_default_warning      0d16fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_set_error_fn         0d1700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_get_error_ptr        0d1710 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_create_struct        0d1718 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_destroy_struct       0d1768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_malloc               0d1774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_free                 0d17c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_memcpy_check         0d17dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_memset_check         0d17f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_get_uint_32          0d180c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_get_int_32           0d1830 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_get_uint_16          0d1854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_crc_read             0d186c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_crc_finish           0d18a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_crc_error            0d196c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_decompress_chunk     0d19ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_IHDR          0d1cd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_PLTE          0d2030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_IEND          0d22e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_gAMA          0d2380 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sBIT          0d257c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_cHRM          0d2740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sRGB          0d2c98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_iCCP          0d2f24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sPLT          0d3110 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_tRNS          0d33f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_bKGD          0d3744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_hIST          0d39c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_pHYs          0d3bc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_oFFs          0d3d14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_pCAL          0d3e60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sCAL          0d4164 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_tIME          0d439c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_tEXt          0d44e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_zTXt          0d4608 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_unknown       0d4784 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_check_chunk_name     0d4904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_combine_row          0d49b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_do_read_interlace    0d4cac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_read_filter_row      0d5104 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_read_finish_row      0d5334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_read_start_row       0d5684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_set_bKGD             0d5924 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_cHRM             0d5954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_cHRM_fixed       0d5a58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_gAMA             0d5b10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_gAMA_fixed       0d5b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_hIST             0d5b7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_IHDR             0d5b9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_oFFs             0d5cbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_pCAL             0d5cec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sCAL             0d5e18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_pHYs             0d5e58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_PLTE             0d5e88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sBIT             0d5eb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sRGB             0d5ee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sRGB_gAMA_and_cHRM 0d5f08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_iCCP             0d6040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_text             0d6100 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_tIME             0d62fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_tRNS             0d6338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sPLT             0d6398 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_unknown_chunks   0d64a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_unknown_chunk_location 0d65b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_permit_empty_plte    0d65ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_keep_unknown_chunks 0d65f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_read_user_chunk_fn 0d66fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_rows             0d6708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_compression_buffer_size 0d6760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_invalid          0d67ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_read_data            0d67c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrio.o)
png_set_read_fn          0d67f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrio.o)
png_get_valid            0d68c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_rowbytes         0d68d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_rows             0d68ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_image_width      0d6900 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_image_height     0d6914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_bit_depth        0d6928 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_color_type       0d693c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_filter_type      0d6950 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_interlace_type   0d6964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_compression_type 0d6978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_x_pixels_per_meter 0d698c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_y_pixels_per_meter 0d69bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pixels_per_meter 0d69ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pixel_aspect_ratio 0d6a28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_x_offset_microns 0d6a7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_y_offset_microns 0d6aac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_x_offset_pixels  0d6adc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_y_offset_pixels  0d6b0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_channels         0d6b3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_signature        0d6b50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_bKGD             0d6b64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_cHRM             0d6b90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_cHRM_fixed       0d6c30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_gAMA             0d6cd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_gAMA_fixed       0d6cfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sRGB             0d6d28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_iCCP             0d6d54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sPLT             0d6db0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_hIST             0d6dcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_IHDR             0d6df8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_oFFs             0d6f0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pCAL             0d6f58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sCAL             0d6fe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pHYs             0d7028 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_PLTE             0d7084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sBIT             0d70c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_text             0d70f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_tIME             0d713c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_tRNS             0d7168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_unknown_chunks   0d71f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_rgb_to_gray_status 0d720c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_user_chunk_ptr   0d7214 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_compression_buffer_size 0d721c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
webimage2__lzwinit       0d7224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__output_line   0d7338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__lzwoutput     0d7640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__id            0d77cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gif_init      0d78bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__call_irec     0d7990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gcx           0d7d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gif_feed      0d7db4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gif_destroy   0d820c + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2_gif_recognise  0d8298 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__lzw           0d82d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(lzw.o)
sprite2__area_control    0d8580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
sprite2__sprite_header   0d8600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
sprite2__sprite_image    0d8800 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2_sprite_recognise 0d88a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2__sprite_init   0d8984 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2__sprite_feed   0d89e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2__sprite_destroy 0d8ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2_xbm_recognise  0d8ae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
webimage2__xbm_init      0d8b5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
webimage2__xbm_feed      0d8ba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
webimage2__xbm_destroy   0d8d70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
xbm_header               0d8d90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
xbm_data_header          0d8eb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
xbm_data                 0d924c + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
read_line                0d943c + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
inflateReset             0d94bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateEnd               0d9524 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateInit2_            0d9584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateInit_             0d96d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflate                  0d96e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateSetDictionary     0d9c30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateSync              0d9cdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateSyncPoint         0d9de0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
get_crc_table            0d9e00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(crc32.o)
crc32                    0d9e14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(crc32.o)
inflate_blocks_reset     0d9f10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks_new       0d9fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks           0da0a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks_free      0dab8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_set_dictionary   0dabf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks_sync_point 0dac2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
zlibVersion              0dacc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
z_error                  0dacd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
zError                   0dacdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
zcalloc                  0dacf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
zcfree                   0dad04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
adler32                  0dad18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(adler32.o)
inflate_codes_new        0dae90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infcodes.o)
inflate_codes            0daef4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infcodes.o)
inflate_codes_free       0db550 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infcodes.o)
inflate_flush            0db564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infutil.o)
huft_build               0db6b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_trees_bits       0dbb9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_trees_dynamic    0dbcc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_trees_fixed      0dbf24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_fast             0dbf70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inffast.o)
file_get_size_and_type   0dc31c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_exists              0dc478 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_is_directory        0dc4d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_wipe_objects        0dc52c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_copy                0dc560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_canonicalise_name   0dc598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_new_directory       0dc5dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_save                0dc610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_flexload            0dc650 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file_load.o)
mm_can_we_recover        0dc714 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_weakmalloc            0dc764 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_malloc                0dc768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_calloc                0dc7c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_realloc               0dc7f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_weakrealloc           0dc858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_free                  0dc85c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_freeconst             0dc884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_init                  0dc888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_strdup                0dc88c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_strndup               0dc8cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_check                 0dc924 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_dump_no_summary_to_fn 0dc928 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm__summary_through_function 0dc98c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm__dbg__out             0dcc04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm__dump_through_function 0dcc0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_summary               0dcc44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_dump                  0dcc54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
layers_static_printf     0dcc84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
flex_mustalloc           0dcd00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex_must.o)
flex_mustextend          0dcd0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex_must.o)
makeerror                0dcd68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(errors.o)
makeerrorf               0dcdd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(errors.o)
flex_init                0dce50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_dump_to_fn          0dce9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_dump                0dd0fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_extend              0dd110 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_alloc               0dd1d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_midextend           0dd1e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_free                0dd2cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_compact             0dd318 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_size                0dd31c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_reanchor            0dd330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
MemFlex__SetSlot         0dd378 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
MemFlex_Shrinkable       0dd3fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
MemFlex__Insert          0dd468 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
layers_flexfile_create   0dd574 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_destroy  0dd5c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_size     0dd5f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_anchor   0dd5f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_putc     0dd5fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_puts     0dd668 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_write    0dd69c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_read     0dd724 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_cpy      0dd774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_tofile   0dd7d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_fromfile 0dd7f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
url_parse                0dd85c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_parse.o)
url_free_parts           0ddc14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_free_parts.o)
stricmp                  0ddc88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(stricmp.o)
url_path_trans           0ddce8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
layers_localise_path     0dddac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
delocalise_path          0dde0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
layers_delocalise_path   0dde6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
layers_delocalise_leafname 0dde74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
string_hash              0dde7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
strnearly                0ddea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
find_closest_colour      0ddf88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
shuffle_array            0ddffc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
hostname_match           0de06c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
url_ensure_buffer_size   0de168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_unparse.o)
url_unparse              0de1b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_unparse.o)
call_callback            0de440 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_init        0de478 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_next        0de490 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
call_next                0de4ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_call_next   0de500 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_call_pending 0de548 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_anypending  0de5b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm             0de5f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_removeall_match 0de67c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
resolvehandler           0de730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
layers_cancelresolve     0de8c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
layers_asyncresolve      0de934 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
confman_default_create   0de9dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_default_create_data 0de9e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_cleanup          0de9e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_initialise       0dea4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_set_alt          0dea94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_restore          0deaa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_persist          0deabc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_declare_component 0dead4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_undeclare_component 0deb50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_merge            0deb64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_merge_data       0debac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_default_manager  0debf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
mime_convert             0dec04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
suffix_to_file_type      0df084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
mime_to_file_type        0df094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_type_to_mime        0df0a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_mime_type_release 0df0f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_and_object_type_real 0df0f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_type_real           0df1bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_riscostounixtime    0df1c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_last_modified       0df230 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_and_object_type     0df284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_gettype             0df318 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_txt_terminate     0df320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_txt_init          0df384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_txt               0df67c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_resspr_area       0df708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_resspr_init       0df71c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_resspr_lookup     0df740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
werr                     0df810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_reporterror       0df874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
rma_alloc                0df988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
rma_free                 0df9c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
wait_for_release         0df9f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_lock                0dfa9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
gstrans_not_null         0dfb04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
cmos_op                  0dfb58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
rs_tmpnam                0dfbf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
mmfopen                  0dfc98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
mmfclose                 0dfcdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
get_free_memory_size     0dfd24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
get_fsnum                0dfd64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
get_fsptr                0dfda4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
is_a_tv                  0dfde0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
ro_anti_twitter_is_on    0dfea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
ro_anti_twitter          0dfeec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
ro_adjust_box_for_anti_twitter 0dff94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_string_value_associate 0dffd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
string_free_iterator     0e000c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_string_value_free 0e0064 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
flex_dup                 0e00a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_string_value_write 0e0120 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_packedchar_cmp    0e01b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_unpack_n 0e01b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_pack_n 0e01bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_memunpack 0e01c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_mempack 0e01c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_len    0e01c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_dup    0e01cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_memunpack_offset 0e01d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_mempack_offset 0e01dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
handle_dialler_status    0e01ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
message_service_handler  0e0270 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_connect_init 0e02b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_connect   0e02e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_disconnect 0e0368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_get_status 0e03e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
mm_strdup_gstrans        0e03f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(gstrans.o)
strcatx_with_leeway      0e049c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
strcatx1                 0e054c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
strcatx                  0e0554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
strtrim                  0e055c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
layers_copy_error        0e0590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_set_graphics_colour 0e0600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_get_scrap_root    0e0704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
spriteextend_checkversion 0e0750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_os_name           0e07e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_getlocalhostname  0e0898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_set_animation_control_pointer 0e0934 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_modal_loop        0e0938 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_last_error        0e0968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_resolve           0e096c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve.o)
callback_fn              0e0a64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8_len 0e0adc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8  0e0b94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8_num_len 0e0b9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8_num 0e0c04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
url_join                 0e0cec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_join.o)
make_num                 0e1138 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
make_month               0e1160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
skip_to_num              0e11bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
layers_parsedate         0e11f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
strnicmp                 0e14a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strnicmp.o)
list_add                 0e1518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
list_remove              0e1528 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
list_iterate             0e1564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
list_remove_by_comparison 0e15bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
layers_time              0e1618 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localtime.o)
strncpysafe              0e161c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strncpysafe.o)
strlencat                0e1650 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strlencat.o)
layers_base64_encode     0e16a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uuencode.o)
compare_used             0e1788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getsorted.o)
get_sorted_list          0e17a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getsorted.o)
safe_write_bytes         0e182c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
safe_write_string        0e1878 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
safe_read_bytes          0e18e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
safe_read_string         0e193c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
file_get_size            0e19a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file2.o)
file_load                0e1a18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file2.o)
file_set_type            0e1aac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file2.o)
optimise_string          0e1ae0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memoptimise.o)
optimise_block           0e1b40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memoptimise.o)
layers_base64_decode     0e1bb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uudecode.o)
layers_kbd_alt           0e1d1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_kbd_shift         0e1d68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_kbd_ctrl          0e1d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_kbd_flush         0e1d70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_key_to_native     0e1dec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
mm_lowmemory             0e1df0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_alloc       0e1e08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_free        0e1e0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_replenish   0e1e10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_panic       0e1ec0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
emergencymemory_cleanup  0e1f70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergencymemory       0e1ff8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_mem_freed   0e2064 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
layers_set_modal         0e2080 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_clear_modal       0e20e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_is_modal          0e2124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_is_modal_count    0e2140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_win_is_modal      0e2150 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_get_modal         0e21d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers__modal_wait_alarm 0e21fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
modal_win_click          0e2200 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_modal__wait       0e2230 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_modal_wait        0e22d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_modal_wait_for_release 0e22e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
webfont_font_info        0e22f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_name        0e24b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_init_font       0e2550 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
do_font_bits             0e2740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
one_of_each_please       0e29f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_initialise      0e2a40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_reinitialise    0e2ae0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_find_font        0e2b98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_lose_font        0e2be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_tidyup          0e2c50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_width_n     0e2dc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_width       0e2e9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_split_point_char 0e2ea4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_split_point      0e2f9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
scanstring_offset_fn     0e2fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_get_offset       0e30b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_nominal_width    0e3190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
declare_one_of_sizes     0e31dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_declare_printer_fonts 0e3238 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__setfont         0e3334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_setcolours       0e337c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_paint            0e33f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_paint_n          0e3418 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_paint_full       0e3454 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_need_wide_font   0e3624 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__available_char  0e36c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_available_char   0e3840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_exists      0e3848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__symbolfont      0e3854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_lookup_symbol    0e3938 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__find_best       0e3a28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_select           0e3b84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_discard          0e3d88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_contains         0e3e1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_map_entry       0e3e24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_find_typeface    0e3ea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_height           0e3eac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_ascent           0e3f04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_descent          0e3f48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_space_width      0e3f8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
ro_report_fonts          0e3fd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
refstring_new_n          0e40f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(refstring.o)
refstring_new            0e4168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(refstring.o)
refstring_del            0e4170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(refstring.o)
task_init                0e41bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_new                 0e41c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_addhalt             0e422c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_halt                0e4278 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_unhalt              0e42c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_ishalted            0e4310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_removehalt          0e4318 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_getpriority         0e4394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_setpriority         0e439c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_delete              0e43ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
add_runnable             0e449c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
remove_runnable          0e451c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
get_next_runnable        0e4578 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task__run                0e45b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
layers_hline             0e4680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_vline             0e46fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_rectanglefill     0e4770 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_rectanglefill2    0e47e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_rectangle         0e4858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_circle            0e48a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bhline            0e4954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_xpixel            0e49d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_ypixel            0e4a04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bpp               0e4a34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_screenrect        0e4a5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_safearea          0e4b10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_set_smargins      0e4c80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_get_smargins      0e4c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_screendepth       0e4cf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_set_clip          0e4d1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_get_clip          0e4d7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bmp_plot          0e4e0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bmp_plot_scaled   0e4e38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
limit_line               0e4fb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
current_point            0e4fd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
insert_chars             0e4ff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
delete_bytes             0e5128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
move_point_from          0e51a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
move_point               0e51e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
char_width_left          0e521c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
char_width_right         0e5240 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_line_length          0e5248 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
line_length              0e5294 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
current_line_length      0e529c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
decode_offset            0e52a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_highlight_count      0e5324 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_line_height          0e5354 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_line_width           0e5390 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_index                0e5418 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
convert_index            0e546c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
find_next_break          0e54e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
count_lines              0e5644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
fillin_line_list         0e56c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
build_line_list          0e5724 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
resize_line_list         0e5788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
check_line_list          0e5824 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_max_width            0e5a34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_thread      0e5abc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_unthread    0e5ae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
check_callback           0e5b3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
caret_pos_to_xy          0e5b90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_caret_pos            0e5d44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
set_caret_to_be_visible  0e5d7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
scroll_parent_to_show_highlight 0e5e5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_scroll_to_show_block 0e5ef4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_scroll_to_show_region 0e6018 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_scroll_to_show_caret 0e609c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
set_extent               0e60e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
draw_line                0e6168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
do_redraw                0e6428 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
mouse_to_coords          0e6550 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_click_handler 0e66b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_insert_char       0e6744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_insert_newline    0e67c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_to_start   0e6818 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_left       0e6854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_right      0e68ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_to_end     0e6918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_all        0e696c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_all_area   0e69b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_left_or_off       0e69ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_left              0e6a38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_left_or_wrap      0e6a58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_right_or_off      0e6aac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_right             0e6b00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_right_or_wrap     0e6b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_start_of_line     0e6b7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_end_of_line       0e6ba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_start_of_area     0e6be0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_end_of_area       0e6c0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_up                0e6c50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_down              0e6ca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_page_up           0e6d04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_page_down         0e6d10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_line_up           0e6d1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_line_down         0e6d28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_blur              0e6d34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_scroll    0e6d58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_left      0e6d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_right     0e6d78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_start_of_line 0e6d84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_end_of_line 0e6d90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_start_of_area 0e6d9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_end_of_area 0e6da8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_key_handler 0e6db4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_blur_handler 0e6e50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_click       0e6e90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_click_logical 0e6f20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_mousemove   0e6fbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_key         0e7028 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_redraw      0e70a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_focus       0e7108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
create_display           0e7138 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
update_display           0e7208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_text_count 0e73cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_cursor_point 0e74c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_cursor_region 0e7504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_cursor 0e759c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_insert 0e7664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_delete 0e76bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_replace 0e76fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_highlight 0e7770 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_overrun 0e79dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_writedata 0e7a00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_writedata_indirected 0e7a4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_readdata 0e7c64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_dispose 0e7d98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_create 0e7e58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_naturalsize 0e7fe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_focus 0e8058 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_setposition 0e8164 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_redraw 0e8330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_scroll 0e83e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_get_style 0e8598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_style 0e8698 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_clock             0e8858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localclock.o)
layers_hourglass_suspend 0e885c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_resume  0e8898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_on      0e88c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_off     0e8944 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_tick    0e89a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
ro_set_hourglass_poll_interval 0e8a24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
find_tag                 0e8a38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
add_tag                  0e8a94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
layers_parseheader       0e8b1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
layers_parseheader_argument 0e8ea4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
get_file_type_name       0e8f00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(typenames.o)
get_plugin_type_name     0e8f60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(typenames.o)
lang_compare_function    0e8ff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
lang_name_to_num         0e8ff8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
lang_num_to_name         0e9060 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
lang_num_to_font         0e909c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
mm_register_panicfn      0e90f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
mm__call_panicfns        0e9148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
mm_call_panicfns         0e91d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
layers_network_observer_init 0e9240 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_network_call_observers 0e9268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_network_add_connect_observer 0e92d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_network_remove_connect_observer 0e9324 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_atshutdown        0e93a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
layers_shutdown_actions  0e93cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
layers_buttonpeer_initialise 0e9438 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_create 0e948c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_setposition 0e950c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_naturalsize 0e9620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_writedata 0e96d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_dispose 0e9738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_add_uics 0e97c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_set_colours 0e9844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_focus  0e9850 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_press  0e9858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_redraw        0e98c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_click         0e9a8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_click_logical 0e9b70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_key           0e9bb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_mouse         0e9be4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_focus         0e9c88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_blur          0e9cf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
button_border            0e9d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
truncate_label           0e9dfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_initialise 0e9ecc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
check_callback           0e9f7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
get_colours              0ea004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
blurhandler              0ea030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_find_selectitem 0ea090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
find_first_selected_item 0ea0bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
immediate_redraw         0ea0f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
item_box                 0ea130 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
do_update_mouse_pointer  0ea194 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
invalidate_item          0ea25c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_close_all_except 0ea2f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open  0ea350 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__close 0ea494 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_set_peer_win_size_to_open 0ea57c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_add_to_peer_list 0ea6f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_remove_from_peer_list 0ea714 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
select_item              0ea788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
fix_scroll_and_highlight 0ea7c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
set_scroll_for_highlight 0ea838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
set_highlight_for_scroll 0ea840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
scroll_parent_to_show_highlight 0ea848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
scroll_peer              0ea918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
move_highlight           0ea9fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
move_highlight_to        0eab60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
get_font                 0eabcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
draw_border              0eac3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
plot_graphic             0eaca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
copy_border              0eacf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
do_select_item           0ead48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_redraw 0eae68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_redraw 0eb1d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_click 0eb374 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_click_logical 0eb4e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_click 0eb520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_key 0eb58c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_key 0eb5f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_mousemove 0eb720 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_add_child_window 0eb854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_create 0eb908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_additem 0ebac0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_numitems 0ebb88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_updateitem 0ebb90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_removeitem 0ebbf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_naturalsize 0ebd14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_setposition 0ebe20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_readdata 0ebf24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_writedata 0ebfac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_dispose 0ec054 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_open   0ec0f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_get_style 0ec128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_set_style 0ec190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_focus  0ec228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_redraw 0ec288 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
ro_win_to_layers_win     0ec308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_ro_win_to_layers_win 0ec374 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_to_layers_ro_win 0ec37c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
box_from_riscos          0ec384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
box_to_riscos            0ec3c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
redrawstr_from_riscos    0ec3fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
x_to_riscos              0ec4bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
y_to_riscos              0ec4d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
x_from_riscos            0ec4e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
y_from_riscos            0ec504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
draw_border              0ec524 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
border_width             0ec5c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
skip_disabled            0ec5ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_redraw                0ec628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_mouseclick        0ec6c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_mousemove         0ec8ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_keypress              0eca1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_keypress          0ecae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ptrmove_alarm            0ecb28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_ptrenter_handler      0ecc90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_ptrleave_handler      0eccc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_losecaret_handler     0ecd00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_closewindow_handler   0ecd50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_openwindow_handler    0ecd9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_key_handler           0ece20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_redraw_handler        0ecf44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_click_handler         0ed000 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
rootwin_redraw           0ed080 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_update_screensize     0ed0ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
get_screenbox            0ed148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
create_rootwin           0ed2d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_getinfo       0ed3a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
open_border_win          0ed4a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
force_redraw_border_win  0ed5b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_open_full     0ed5f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_reopen_rootwin        0eda50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_open          0edb80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
close_children           0edb8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_close         0edbd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_thread        0edd34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_unthread      0edd64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_setextent     0edddc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_setextent             0ede4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_caret_invisible 0eded8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_caret         0edf2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_caret         0ee08c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_caret_owner       0ee16c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_caret_ownedby     0ee17c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_caret_offer       0ee1c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_pointer 0ee280 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_visibility 0ee404 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_mouse_visibility 0ee4e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_init_mouse_visibility 0ee4fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_invalidate    0ee568 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_update_immediate 0ee5cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_update        0ee674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_reopen        0ee678 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_make_topmost  0ee824 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_make_bottommost 0ee868 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
get_win                  0ee8c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_get_next      0ee918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_get_child     0ee930 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_getfunctions  0ee93c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_setfunctions  0ee944 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_get_logical_click_handler 0ee94c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_set_logical_click_handler 0ee954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_gethandle     0ee95c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_sethandle     0ee964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_set_flags     0ee96c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_get_mouse_pos         0eea08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_mouse_pos     0eeaa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointer_limit            0eeb08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointer_limit_layers     0eeb88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointer_set_position     0eebf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_position 0eec88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_bounds  0eed10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_native_key            0eedb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_raw_key               0eedc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_set_raw_key           0eeddc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_rootwin       0eedf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_rootwin_toolboxid 0eee04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_get_rootwin_box       0eee74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_win_cleanup           0eeec8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_win_initialise        0eefa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_bmp_redirect_output 0ef068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_bmp_restore_output 0ef12c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_reset_origin          0ef180 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_set_origin            0ef1a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_win_clear_mouse_set_position 0ef1bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_report_windows        0ef1d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
riscos_set_border_colour 0ef2c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_offset_box        0ef308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(coords.o)
layers_in_rect           0ef33c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(coords.o)
layers_box_intersect     0ef378 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipbox.o)
layers_win_toscreen_box  0ef40c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_toscreen_point 0ef42c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_fromscreen_box 0ef460 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_fromscreen_point 0ef484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_toscreen_box 0ef4b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_toscreen_point 0ef4d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_fromscreen_box 0ef50c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_fromscreen_point 0ef530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
get_soundfx              0ef564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
layers_sound_event       0ef58c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
layers_key_lookup_action 0ef614 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ikeymap.o)
layers_win_is_parent_of  0ef690 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(winutil.o)
check_edge_proximity     0ef6e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
scroll_request           0ef724 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
get_edges                0ef7a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
autoscroll_alarm         0ef880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
layers_win_autoscroll_check 0ef9a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
layers_win_autoscroll_cancel 0efb48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
layers_win_autoscroll_latch 0efb94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
layers_claim_drag        0efbb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
layers_clear_drag        0efbc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
deliver_logical_click    0efbdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
check_click_events       0efd2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
substitute__lookup       0efe44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(substitute.o)
substitute               0efe94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(substitute.o)
ro_record_terminate_start 0effb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
output_report            0effd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
ro_output_termination_report 0f0008 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
layers_terminate         0f00fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
layers_strlwr            0f0124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strlwr.o)
file_ensuredirs          0f0168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ensuredirs.o)
file_enumdir             0f01dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file_enum.o)
prefixcmp                0f02d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(prefixcmp.o)
layers_gmtime            0f032c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localgmtime.o)
layers_mktime            0f0330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localmktime.o)
layers_localtime         0f0334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(locallocaltime.o)
layers_box_union         0f0338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(box_union.o)
sprite__op               0f03a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
setfromarea              0f03b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_area_initialise   0f03c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_create            0f03e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
setfromtag               0f0430 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_select_rp         0f0468 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_put_given         0f04a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_put_scaled        0f0500 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_put_mask_scaled   0f0568 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_create_mask       0f05c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_readsize          0f05f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_restorestate      0f0644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_outputtosprite    0f067c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_outputtomask      0f06e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_sizeof_spritecontext 0f0744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
layers_resspr_get_size   0f0784 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resspr2.o)
layers_resspr_plot       0f0808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resspr2.o)
get_encoding             0f0858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_encoding_tidyup  0f0904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_fn               0f095c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_utf8_to_system_alphabet 0f09c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_encoding_to_utf8 0f0a70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_encoding_to_utf8_sized 0f0ab8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
layers_collate           0f0b1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
layers_init_locale       0f0b98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
layers_setlocale         0f0be0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
move_param               0f0be4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
move_line                0f0c08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
intersect                0f0cc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
polygon_direction        0f0d8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
layers_increase_polygon  0f0f54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
layers_polygon           0f1268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
os_swix                  0f12c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi                   0f12d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi0                  0f12dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi1                  0f1300 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi2                  0f1320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi3                  0f133c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi4                  0f1360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi6                  0f1398 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi1r                 0f13d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi2r                 0f1410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi3r                 0f1454 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi4r                 0f1498 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi6r                 0f1510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_byte                  0f15c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_word                  0f1608 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_gbpb                  0f162c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_file                  0f1638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_args                  0f1644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_find                  0f1650 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_cli                   0f165c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_read_var_val          0f167c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
url_canonicalise         0f16c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_canon.o)
wimp_initialise          0f17a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_taskinit            0f17dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_wind         0f182c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_icon         0f1860 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_delete_wind         0f1894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_delete_icon         0f18c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_open_wind           0f18f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_open_wind2          0f1920 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_close_wind          0f1964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_redraw_wind         0f1990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_update_wind         0f19c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_rectangle       0f19f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_wind_state      0f1a2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_wind_state2     0f1a60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_wind_info       0f1abc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_icon_state      0f1ae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_icon_info       0f1b14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_point_info      0f1b60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_drag_box            0f1ba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_force_redraw        0f1bd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_caret_pos       0f1be0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_caret_pos       0f1bf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_menu         0f1c18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_decode_menu         0f1c40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_which_icon          0f1c68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_extent          0f1ca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_point_shape     0f1cd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_open_template       0f1ce0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_close_template      0f1d08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_load_template       0f1d2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_processkey          0f1d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_closedown           0f1d4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_taskclose           0f1d70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_starttask           0f1d9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_getwindowoutline    0f1dc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_ploticon            0f1de8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setmode             0f1e10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_readpalette         0f1e34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setpalette          0f1e94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setcolour           0f1ebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_baseofsprites       0f1ee0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_blockcopy           0f1f08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_reporterror         0f1f54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_sendmessage         0f1f58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_sendwmessage        0f1f70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_submenu      0f1f9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_slotsize            0f1fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_transferblock       0f2000 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_spriteop            0f2034 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_spriteop_full       0f205c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setfontcolours      0f206c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_readpixtrans        0f2084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_commandwindow       0f20f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
layers_boxes_overlap     0f2150 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(boxes_overlap.o)
split_message            0f218c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fmttext.o)
layers_write_text_in_box 0f2260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fmttext.o)
layers_write_text_in_box_height 0f240c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fmttext.o)
print_pagesize           0f2488 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_selectjob          0f24e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_endjob             0f2560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_abortjob           0f25b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_giverectangle      0f2610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_drawpage           0f2660 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_getrectangle       0f26c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_open               0f2724 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_close              0f2768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_command            0f278c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_in_progress        0f27dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
next_string              0f2908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
next_num                 0f2968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
restore_font             0f29b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
persist_font             0f2a38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
dispose_font             0f2c58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
font_config_init         0f2ca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
layers_plinth            0f2d00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(renderplinth.o)
colourtran_select_table  0f2eac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_select_GCOLtable 0f2ed8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_returnGCOL    0f2f04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_setGCOL       0f2f38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_colournumber 0f2f84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_GCOLformode 0f2fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_colourformode 0f2ff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_OppGCOL 0f3028 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_setOppGCOL    0f305c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_Oppcolournumber 0f30a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_OppGCOLformode 0f30dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_Oppcolourformode 0f3114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_GCOL_tocolournumber 0f314c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_colournumbertoGCOL 0f3180 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_returnfontcolours 0f31b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_setfontcolours 0f322c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_invalidate_cache 0f32a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_convert_device_colour 0f32c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
memzone_init             0f3308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
memzone_alloc            0f3394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
memzone_tidy             0f3438 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
memzone_destroy          0f3484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
layers_process_utf8_full 0f34b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(processutf8.o)
layers_process_utf8      0f35ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(processutf8.o)
layers_process_utf8_count 0f3624 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(processutf8.o)
skip_space               0f365c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(skipspace.o)
skip_space_or_comma      0f3684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(skipspace.o)
skip_to_space_or_comma   0f36b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(skipspace.o)
layers_version           0f36dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_release_date      0f36ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_build_time        0f3700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_build_date        0f3714 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_setenv            0f3728 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(setenv.o)
layers_getenv            0f372c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getenv.o)
layers_getenv_num        0f3730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getenv.o)
parse_val                0f3768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_process_cmdline 0f37e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_flex_mem_size   0f3908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_flex_mem_size_set 0f3918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_heap_mem_size   0f392c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_heap_mem_size_set 0f3940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_dont_open_window 0f3954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
da_resizer               0f3968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_findbyname            0f39c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_init                  0f3a78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_freeall               0f3aa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_allocator             0f3af4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_report                0f3bf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
sbrk                     0f3c80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_extend_top        0f3da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
MemHeap_malloc           0f3f7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
MemHeap_free             0f43f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_trim              0f4648 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
bin_init                 0f4730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
heap_init                0f47bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
heap_stats               0f4808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
cleanup                  0f4874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap2_init               0f4884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_realloc             0f492c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_alloc               0f4ad0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_free                0f4adc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_allocmode           0f4b90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_dump_to_fn          0f4b94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_dump                0f4c6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
ro_requeue_key           0f4c7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
ro_requeue_event         0f4cd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
ro_requeue_toolbox       0f4d38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
ro_requeue_process_next  0f4d94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
kernel_rma_alloc         0f4de4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
kernel_rma_free          0f4e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
rma_claim                0f4e40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
rma_release              0f4ecc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_claim           0f4f00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_release         0f4f6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_address         0f4fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_block           0f4fd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
lookup_tag               0f505c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
find_tag                 0f50ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
tag_value                0f516c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
confman_env_create       0f5174 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
internetevent_claim      0f54d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
internetevent_release    0f555c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_claim         0f55bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_release       0f5638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_set           0f5694 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_get           0f5708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_cleanup       0f5768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
ro_socketpoll_handler    0f57a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
ro_modechange_handler    0f57d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_modechange.o)
ro_modechange_initialise 0f5824 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_modechange.o)
layers_clipboard_clear   0f583c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_set     0f5840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_get     0f5874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_contains 0f58e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
clipboard_handler        0f58e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_initialise 0f5928 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
process_combining_key    0f5978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
combinerfep_callback     0f5a84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
layers_combinerfep_cleanup 0f5ad8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
layers_combinerfep_initialise 0f5aec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
get_positive_selection_bounds 0f5b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
clear_highlight          0f5b5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
clear_selected           0f5bc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
copy_selected            0f5c10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
cut_selected             0f5c58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
delete_selected          0f5ccc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
replace_selected         0f5d18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
paste_selected           0f5d84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
adjust_selected          0f5e18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_replace_char      0f5ee0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_cut               0f5f38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_copy              0f5f68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_paste             0f5f98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_delete            0f5fd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_left       0f6004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_right      0f6010 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_up         0f601c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_down       0f603c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_start_of_line 0f605c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_end_of_line 0f6068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_line       0f6074 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_all        0f6114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_newline           0f6190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_left        0f61dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_right       0f6210 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_up          0f6244 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_down        0f6278 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_drag_move         0f62ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_drag_start        0f632c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_drag_end          0f6344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
call_fn                  0f6370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
process_key              0f6394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
process_single_click     0f6464 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
selectionfep_callback    0f6518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
layers_selectionfep_cleanup 0f6704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
layers_selectionfep_initialise 0f6718 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
layers_textareapeer_select 0f6760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
checkswi                 0f67a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_process_key          0f67a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_cancel               0f68fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_get_candidate_list_info 0f6980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_get_candidate_list_entry 0f69f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_supports_language    0f6a40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_claim                0f6a80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_deviceclaim       0f6ab8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_deviceclaim_bounce 0f6ad8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_deviceinuse       0f6b30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_imechanged        0f6b88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
message_imechanged_handler 0f6b90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
message_deviceinuse_handler 0f6bb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
message_deviceclaim_handler 0f6bd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
messageack_handler       0f6c08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
claim_ime_device         0f6c40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ro_ime_cleanup           0f6ce0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ro_ime_initialise        0f6ce8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
htmlise_strdup           0f6d68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(htmlise.o)
filewatcher_poll         0f6e70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
filewatcher_init         0f6f54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
filewatcher_final        0f7014 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
layers_set_notify        0f7078 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(notify2.o)
layers_notify_event      0f7094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(notify2.o)
layers_nvram_read        0f70bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_write       0f7124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_read 0f717c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_write 0f7224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_read_check 0f72c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_write_check 0f7328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
coords_x_toscreen        0f7384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_y_toscreen        0f7398 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_x_toworkarea      0f73ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_y_toworkarea      0f73c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_box_toscreen      0f73d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_box_toworkarea    0f7430 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_point_toscreen    0f748c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_point_toworkarea  0f74c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_withinbox         0f7504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_offsetbox         0f75a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_intersects        0f75dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_boxesoverlap      0f7654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
resource_get             0f7698 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_resources.o)
resource_release         0f7720 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_resources.o)
boolean_text_restore     0f774c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
string_text_restore      0f77dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
signed_decimal_text_restore 0f781c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
unsigned_decimal_text_restore 0f7848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
hex_text_restore         0f7874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
character_text_restore   0f78a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_number_text_list_restore 0f78e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_unsigned_list_text_restore 0f79f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_signed_list_text_restore 0f79fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
hex_list_text_restore    0f7a04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
unsigned_decimal_list_text_restore 0f7a10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
signed_decimal_list_text_restore 0f7a1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_free_simple_element 0f7a28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
utf8_accumulate          0f7a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
riscos_latin1_to_UCS4    0f7aec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
layers_key_to_UCS4       0f7b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
menu_get_entry_help_message 0f7c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_get_click_event     0f7cc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_add_entry           0f7cf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_get_height          0f7d60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_get_sub_menu_show   0f7d98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_set_fade            0f7dd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_set_tick            0f7e08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_set_extent        0f7e40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_get_extent        0f7e78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_force_redraw      0f7eb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_get_wimp_handle   0f7ee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_wimp_to_toolbox   0f7f20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_get_flags         0f7f94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_set_flags         0f7fcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_get_bbox          0f8004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_move_gadget       0f803c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_show_object      0f8074 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_get_object_state 0f80bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_get_object_class 0f80f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_delete_object    0f812c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_create_object    0f8144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_template_lookup  0f817c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_hide_object      0f81b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_state     0f81cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_set_state     0f8208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_ident     0f8244 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_pressed   0f8290 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_set_pressed   0f82cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_action    0f8308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
writablefield_set_value  0f8384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
writablefield_get_value  0f83bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_set_fade  0f8410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_get_fade  0f8488 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_selectable 0f84f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_setfield  0f853c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_getwriteable 0f86b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_setval    0f8774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_setstate  0f8868 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_window_handle 0f886c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_toolactionpress 0f88a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
xfgets                   0f8908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(xfgets.o)
fskipline                0f899c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fskipline.o)
strcasestr               0f89cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcasestr.o)
layers_strftime          0f8a44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
ro_strftime              0f8a7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
layers_browser_strftime  0f8b84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
layers_fep_register      0f8d20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
layers_fep_deregister    0f8d64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
layers_fep_call          0f8da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
colour_compare_function  0f94a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
layers_colour_lookup_name 0f94ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
layers_colour_parse_number 0f9684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
layers_colour_parse      0f9794 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
linklist_addtohead       0f97ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_addtotail       0f980c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_listlength      0f9830 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_unlink          0f9858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_contains        0f9884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
layers_box_resize        0f98b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(box_resize.o)
layers_time_millisecs    0f98e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localtimemillisecs.o)
bbc_mode                 0f992c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_palette              0f9958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_tint                 0f99e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_point                0f9a7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vduvar               0f9aac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vduvars              0f9ae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vduq                 0f9af8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_clg                  0f9b80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_gwindow              0f9b88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_origin               0f9bfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_gcol                 0f9c40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_move                 0f9c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_moveby               0f9c94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_draw                 0f9ca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_drawby               0f9cb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_rectangle            0f9cc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_rectanglefill        0f9d4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_circle               0f9d80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_circlefill           0f9db8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_fill                 0f9df0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_cls                  0f9e00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_colour               0f9e08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_pos                  0f9e34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vpos                 0f9e60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_cursor               0f9e8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_tab                  0f9ec8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_stringprint          0f9f0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_soundon              0f9f1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_soundoff             0f9f44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_voices               0f9f68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_getbeat              0f9fa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_getbeats             0f9fcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_setbeats             0f9ff4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_gettempo             0fa014 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_settempo             0fa040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_stereo               0fa060 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_sound                0fa088 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_adval                0fa0f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_inkey                0fa15c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
MemHeap_realloc          0fa1a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(realloc.o)
malloc_update_mallinfo   0fa478 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
malloc_stats             0fa534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
MemHeap_mallinfo         0fa538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
MemHeap_mallopt          0fa578 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
confman__build_tag_name  0fa5dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_text_persist_header 0fa630 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
string__text_persist     0fa774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
boolean_text_persist     0fa804 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
string_text_persist      0fa854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
signed_decimal_text_persist 0fa890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
unsigned_decimal_text_persist 0fa8f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
hex_text_persist         0fa950 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
character_text_persist   0fa9b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
comment_text_persist     0fa9f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
number_list_text_persist 0faa20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
hex_list_text_persist    0faaf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
unsigned_decimal_list_text_persist 0fab40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
signed_decimal_list_text_persist 0fab88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
compare_tags             0fac60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
sort_config              0faca8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
search_config            0fad38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
find_tag                 0fad74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
tag_value                0fae2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
count_lines              0fae3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
trim_value               0faebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
parse_config             0faef0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
persist_undeclared       0fb1f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
persist_file             0fb300 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
text_dispose             0fb460 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman__text_create     0fb48c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_text_create_data 0fb570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_text_create      0fb5c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_find_element     0fb5fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
find_datatype            0fb61c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_find_component   0fb638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
info_array_scan          0fb684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
data_array_build         0fb6d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
restore_element          0fb7c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__restore_component 0fb894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
refind_tags              0fb8ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
persist__element         0fb970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
persist_element          0fba58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__persist_component 0fbad8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__undeclare_component 0fbba0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_dispose          0fbce0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_restore  0fbd3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_persist  0fbd68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_declare_component 0fbe7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_undeclare_component 0fbf24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_merge    0fbf60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__ensure_space    0fbfa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_replace_string   0fc010 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
make_sockaddr            0fc064 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
get_addrport             0fc0dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
canonicalerror_internal  0fc134 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_name       0fc194 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_parse_addr        0fc1fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_connect    0fc21c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_recv       0fc2e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_send       0fc360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_open       0fc3d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_bind       0fc460 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_accept     0fc4e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_listen     0fc57c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_getinfo    0fc594 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_reuseaddr  0fc628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socketioctl2             0fc674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_change_socket_direction 0fc6e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_make_socket_asynchronous 0fc6ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_async_change_handle 0fc794 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_close      0fc7c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_recvready  0fc8b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_sendready  0fc98c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
ro_sockets_report        0fca64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
url__canonicalise_path   0fcafc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_cpath.o)
akbd_pollsh              0fcc08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
akbd_pollctl             0fcc5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
akbd_pollalt             0fccb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
akbd_pollkey             0fcd04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
webfonts__parse_mapping_line 0fcdac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfonts_parse_mapping_file 0fd030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_mapping_find_typeface 0fd294 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_mapping_tidyup   0fd390 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
font_cacheaddress        0fd408 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_find                0fd45c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_lose                0fd494 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readdef             0fd4b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readinfo            0fd518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_strwidth            0fd560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_paint               0fd5d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_caret               0fd5f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_converttoos         0fd624 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_converttopoints     0fd664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setfont             0fd6a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_current             0fd6c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_future              0fd710 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_findcaret           0fd758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_charbbox            0fd7b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readscalefactor     0fd808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setscalefactor      0fd844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_list                0fd86c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setcolour           0fd8e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setpalette          0fd910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readthresholds      0fd93c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setthresholds       0fd964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_findcaretj          0fd98c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_stringbbox          0fd9f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_to_null      0fda40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_size         0fdab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_to_buffer    0fdaf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_to_screen    0fdb64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
layers_esc_separator     0fdb98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(escaped_string.o)
layers_esc_strncpy       0fdbec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(escaped_string.o)
ro_get_image_trans       0fdc68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imagetrans.o)
layers_box_calculate_offset 0fdf30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(box_calcoffset.o)
set_sprite_name          0fe0d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_white_byte           0fe100 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
fillin_scales            0fe108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_put_bytes            0fe164 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_seek_fn              0fe2a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_rec_fn               0fe2b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_free_component       0fe43c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic__ready_component     0fe4d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
find_uic                 0fe638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_ready_component      0fe68c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_ready_animation_component 0fe738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_initialise           0fe7e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
encoding__load_map_file  0fe8b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(encodingmap.o)
encoding_current_alphabet 0fea94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(encodingmap.o)
encoding_alphabet_ucs_table 0fead4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(encodingmap.o)
socketpoll               0feb34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets2.o)
find_item                0fec54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
list_bestitem            0fec98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_eventhandler   0fecec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
claim_clipboard          0fef24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard__Create        0fef9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Create         0ff044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_CreateList     0ff078 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Destroy        0ff0ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Data           0ff114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Local          0ff140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
copy_list                0ff154 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
send_request             0ff198 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Paste          0ff254 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
layers_imefep_control    0ff290 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_enabled    0ff2f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_active     0ff308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
imefep_callback          0ff328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_cleanup    0ff56c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_initialise 0ff580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
$a                       0ff5f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
bbc_get                  0ff5f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
C$$code                  0ff5f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
bbc_vduw                 0ff608 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
bbc_vdu                  0ff614 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
layers_configuration_restore 0ff620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_fns.o)
layers_configuration_persist 0ff678 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_fns.o)
imesupport_process_key   0ff688 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imesupport.o)
imesupport_cancel        0ff94c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imesupport.o)
ime_menu_clear           0ffa58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_dispose         0ffad4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
get_font                 0ffb14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_create          0ffb78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_update_selection 0ffcbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
get_offset               0ffda0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_show            0ffdf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
scan_attr                0fff44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imeattr.o)
ime_attr_update_list     0ffff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imeattr.o)
ime_attr_get_significant 100058 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imeattr.o)
find_enclist             100788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_new             1007c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_delete          1008a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_reset           1008e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_read            100910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_write           100960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_max_char_size   100988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_default_language 1009b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_default_mime_type 1009dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_table_ptr       100a44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_n_table_entries 100a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_lookup_in_table 100a64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_table_free      100ab0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_initialise      100b10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_tidyup          100b2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_table_remove_unused 100b74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
look_for_table           100bf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
add_to_list              100c5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
mime_token_char          100c78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding__number_from_name 100d08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_set_flags       100df8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_number_from_name 100e10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_load_map_file   100e5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_discard_map_file 100f94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_set_alloc_fns   100fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
UCS4_to_UTF8             100fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_to_UCS4             101054 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_codelen             101184 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_seqlen              1011d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_next                101220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_prev                10124c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_next_n              101260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_strlen_n            1012a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_strlen              1012e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
unictype_lookup          101328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
unictype_init            101368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
unictype_is_ideograph    10136c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
get_return_val           10152c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(autojp.o)
autojp_consume           10155c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(autojp.o)
autojp_consume_string    101720 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(autojp.o)
combine_characters       1017b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(combine.o)
ascii_read               101864 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ascii.o)
ascii_write              1018d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ascii.o)
simple_double_next_code_94 10193c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
null_double_next_code    1019b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
simple_next_code_94      1019c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
simple_next_code_96      101a28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
null_next_code_94        101a58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
null_next_code_96        101a84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_ls               101a90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_lsr              101aa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_ss               101ab8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_find_table       101b00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
set_free                 101bbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_select_set       101bfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_free_write_tables 101d1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_delete           101d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_reset            101dc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_esc              101fe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_esc_cont         102008 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_read             102278 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
write_index              1024cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_scan_tables      10256c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_write_shifts     1025f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_scan_sets        102978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_write_euc        1029f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
kanji_to_ucs             102b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_reset           102c48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_read            102ce4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
lookup_table             102e58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_write           102f48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_delete          1030a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
utf7_reset               103130 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
utf7_read                103144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
output                   103324 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
utf7_write               103354 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
utf8_reset               1035d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
utf8_read                1035f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
utf8_write               10376c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
ucs4_reset               103814 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
ucs4_read                103834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
write_be                 103930 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
write_le                 103954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
ucs4_write               10397c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
utf16_reset              103a58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
utf16_read               103a78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
write_be                 103bb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
write_le                 103bcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
utf16_write              103be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
bigfive_to_ucs           103d2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_reset            103da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_read             103df4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_write            103eb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_delete           103fac + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
eightbit_reset           103fbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
eightbit_read            104004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
eightbit_write           104098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
eightbit_delete          104134 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
hangul_to_ucs            104144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
hanja_to_ucs             104238 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_reset              1042ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_read               1042fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
ucs_hangul_to_johab      104458 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
ucs_jamo_to_johab        1044d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_write              104500 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_delete             10465c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
window_offset            10466c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
default_lock_to          1046cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
scsu_reset               1046f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
scsu_read                1047c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
window_offset_for_character 104b44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
find_dynamic_window      104bb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
find_dynamic_window_with_next 104bf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
find_static_window       104c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
lru_window               104c8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
is_valid_ascii           104cc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
is_single_byte           104cf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
output                   104d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
scsu_write               104d68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
acorn_write              105584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(acorn.o)
system_reset             10561c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
system_read              1056b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
system_write             105734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
system_delete            1057e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
dispatch                 1057fc + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_dispatch           105828 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_poll               10584c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_poll_idle          1058e4 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_register_wimp_handler 10596c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_wimp_handler 105970 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_wimp_handlers_for_object 105974 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_register_toolbox_handler 105978 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_toolbox_handler 10597c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_toolbox_handlers_for_object 105980 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_register_message_handler 105984 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_message_handler 105988 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_set_mask           10598c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_get_mask           1059a4 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_initialise         1059c8 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
make_error               1059e4 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
hash                     1059f8 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
toolbox_event_matches    105a28 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
call_toolbox_handlers    105a74 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_dispatch         105b3c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_register_toolbox_handler 105be8 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_deregister_toolbox_handler 105ce8 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_deregister_toolbox_handlers_for_object 105e0c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
make_error               105edc + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_message_matches  105ef0 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_dispatch         105f24 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_register_message_handler 105fdc + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_deregister_message_handler 1060a0 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
make_error               106144 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimp_event_matches       106158 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
call_wimp_event_handlers 1061b0 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_dispatch       106280 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_register_wimp_handler 106344 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_deregister_wimp_handler 106444 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_deregister_wimp_handlers_for_object 106558 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
htonl                    106628 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
htons                    10662c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
ntohl                    106630 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
ntohs                    106644 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
inet_addr                106658 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.inet_addr)
inet_aton                106680 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.inet_addr)
$a                       106810 + |FPCODE| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(setfpsr.o)
FPCODE                   106810 + |FPCODE| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(setfpsr.o)
layers_mask_fp_traps     106810 + |FPCODE| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(setfpsr.o)
set_fpsr                 106818 + |FPCODE| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(setfpsr.o)
$a                       106830 + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Stub$$Code               106830 + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_clib_initialisemodule   10695c + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_clib_entermodule        106978 + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$d                       106998 + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$d                       1069e8 + |RTSK$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
RTSK$$Data               1069e8 + |RTSK$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Stub$$Entries            1069e8 + |Stub$$Entries| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
config_data_access       106a10 + |C$$data| from object file objr/access_config.o
access_config_info       106a40 + |C$$data| from object file objr/access_config.o
access_schemes           106ca0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/access2.o
access_pending_list      106cc4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/access2.o
user_agent_hdr           106cc8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
content_type_hdr         106cd4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
accept_type_hdr          106ce0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
accept_language_hdr      106cec + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
accept_charset_hdr       106cf8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
authenticate_hdr         106d04 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
proxy_authenticate_hdr   106d10 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
referer_hdr              106d1c + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
from_hdr                 106d28 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
nocache_hdr              106d34 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
host_hdr                 106d40 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_scheme_list       106d4c + |C$$data| from object file objr/accscheme.o
mime_assocs              106d50 + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
g_default_plugin_module  106d54 + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
g_default_plugin_adaptor 106d58 + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
plugin_assoc_is_initialised 106d5c + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
realm_first              106d60 + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
realm_last               106d64 + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_first               106d68 + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_last                106d6c + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_type_names          106d70 + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
allow_list               106d7c + |C$$data| from object file objr/authallow.o
deny_list                106d80 + |C$$data| from object file objr/authallow.o
document_list            106d84 + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
mousedoc                 106d88 + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
mouseitem                106d8c + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
mouselink                106d90 + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
logged__on               106da0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
browser_list             106da4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
connection_status        106da8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
next_view_id             106dac + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_available_fn_table 106db0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_map_NORMAL   106dc0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_map_FRAME_LINK 106e74 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_map_INPUT    106ebc + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_maps         106f94 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_w              106fb8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_fns     106fbc + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwinfns               107010 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
viewfns                  107024 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_dx              107038 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_dy              10703c + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
config_data_browser      107058 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser_config.o
browser_config_info      107088 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser_config.o
diskcache                107638 + |C$$data| from object file objr/cache5.o
domain_list              107664 + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_count             107668 + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_len               107680 + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_http_header       107684 + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
frame_link_sprite_uhl    107694 + |C$$data| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_sprite_hl     1076a4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/framelinks.o
spacer_w_fns             1076b4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/frameutils.o
spacer_animation_w       1076c8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/frameutils.o
gbf_flags                1076cc + |C$$data| from object file objr/gbf.o
hl_render_fs             1076d0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/highlight.o
hl_render_aref           1076dc + |C$$data| from object file objr/highlight.o
hl_render_win_box        1076e0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/highlight.o
history_id_value         1076f0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/history2.o
global_hist_list         1076f4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/history_global.o
global_count             1076f8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/history_global.o
global_id_value          1076fc + |C$$data| from object file objr/history_global.o
oimage__map              107700 + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
oimage__map_max          107708 + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
cont                     107710 + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
t_last                   107714 + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
b_suspend_animations     107724 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
image_list               107728 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
image_last               10772c + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
being_fetched            107730 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
do_memory_panic          107734 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
disallow_memory_panic    107738 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
iSuppressRecursiveFetch  10773c + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
next_callback            107740 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
plotters                 107744 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
translators              107764 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
config_data_larch        107790 + |C$$data| from object file objr/larch_config.o
larch_config_info        1077c0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/larch_config.o
divider_current_index    107850 + |C$$data| from object file objr/layout.o
object_table             107854 + |C$$data| from object file objr/object.o
button_names             107b0c + |C$$data| from object file objr/oinput.o
have_selected_sprites    107b2c + |C$$data| from object file objr/oinput.o
paginate                 107b40 + |C$$data| from object file objr/printing.o
last_page                107b44 + |C$$data| from object file objr/printing.o
job                      107b48 + |C$$data| from object file objr/printing.o
no_ridcheck              107b4c + |C$$data| from object file objr/ridcheck.o
MIME_TYPE                107b50 + |C$$data| from object file objr/submit.o
halign_table             107b88 + |C$$data| from object file objr/tables.o
valign_table             107bc0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/tables.o
no_value                 107be8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/tables.o
hexchars                 107c18 + |C$$data| from object file objr/url.o
program_name             107c2c + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
ua_name                  107c30 + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
client_version           107c34 + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
version                  107c38 + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
ua_subs                  107c3c + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
valid_plugins_list       107c64 + |C$$data| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
valid_streams_list       107c68 + |C$$data| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_adaptor_class     107c6c + |C$$data| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
build_time               107cb4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/buildtime.o
build_date               107cc0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/buildtime.o
wimp_version             107ccc + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
entered_modal_loop       107cd0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
ro_disable_all_events    107cd4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
message_codes            107cd8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
m_block                  107d84 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
tb_block                 107d94 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
tb_task_handle           107dac + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
tb_list                  107db0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
active                   107db4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
last_event               107db8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
class_names              107dbc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_current_password_username 107e10 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_current_password_password 107e14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_current_okcancel_cancel 107e18 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_current_prompt_response 107e1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
g_browser                107f40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_window                107f44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
current_view             107f48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
g_browser_cbs            107f4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
current_status           107f90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
cli_url                  107f94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
sections                 107fa0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
backend_key_maps         107fe4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
list                     108020 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
list_size                108024 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
writeables_map           108028 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
status_state             10802c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_static_animation_withtoolbar 108030 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_static_all_components_fade 108034 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
turn_ctr                 108038 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
turn_start               10803c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
bar_descriptor_list      108040 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
bar_list                 108044 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_cycle_codec           108048 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tile_sprite              10804c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
toolbar_alarm_database   108050 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
config_data_fe_pelican   108054 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
fe_pelican_config_info   108090 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
fe_pelican_datatypes     108360 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
goto_url_list            10839c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
goto_url_subs            1083a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
goto_url_node_2          1083b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
goto_url_node_1          1083c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
hotlist_changed          1083d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_count            1083d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_category_count   1083d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
subs_0_buf               1083dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_subs             1083e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
subs_cat_buf             10841c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_cat_subs         108424 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_4           108454 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_3           108460 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_2           10846c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_1           108478 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_cats_node_2      108484 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_cats_node_1      108490 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
content_tag_list         108564 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
toolbar_plugin           10859c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
toolbar_id               1085a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
is_helper                1085a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
current_actions_bitfield 1085a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
recording                1085ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
blank_time               1085b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
fe_internal_memdump_string1 1085b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
SENDURL_PREFIX           10888c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
loadurl_last             10889c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_action_table 1088a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_defs         1089f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_defs2        108a0c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_panel_function_table 108a20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
osk_context              108b8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
oskfep_class             108bc4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
print__copies            108bd0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
print_sizes              108bd4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
print__first             108be4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
subs_0_buf               108c38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
subs_3_buf               108c40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
subs_6_buf               108c48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
hist_subs                108c50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
recent_hist_node_2       108ca8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
recent_hist_node_1       108cb4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_a_hist_node_2     108cc0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_a_hist_node_1     108ccc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_t_hist_node_2     108cd8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_t_hist_node_1     108ce4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
include_frames           108cf0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
def_callback             108cf4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
file_parsers             108d5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
lcralign_table           108dbc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
jalign_table             108de4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
css__weight_bolder       108e18 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css__weight_lighter      108e4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
autofix                  108e88 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
htmldefs_stringtable     108f40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_stringlengths   1093cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_templates       1094f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_requirements    1095d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_attributeslist  109c28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_attributestable 10a0c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_elements        10a5d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_language        10b2a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
ol_type_match            10b320 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
empty_string             10b328 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
space_string             10b330 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
eol_string               10b338 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
esearch_stringtable      10b348 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
parse_table              10b360 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
entity_names             10b39c + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
pc_translate_keys        10b92c + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
connections              10b96c + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httpthreaded             10b974 + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
connections              10b978 + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftpthreaded           10b980 + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
timeouts                 10b984 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
g_ecma_goto_list         10b988 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
inside_setimage          10b98c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
in_interpret             10b990 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
in_destroy               10b994 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
in_timeout               10b998 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__error              10b99c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__aborted            10b9a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__current_doc        10b9a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__current_domain     10b9a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__current_depth      10b9ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
g_current_jsecontext     10b9b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
g_context_depth          10b9b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
nContexts                10b9b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
nFrees                   10b9bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
nContinues               10b9c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
appName                  10b9c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
appVersion               10b9c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
mymime                   10b9cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
g_window_cbs             10ba10 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_document_cbs           10ba2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_location_cbs           10ba48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_anchor_cbs             10ba64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_link_cbs               10ba80 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_form_cbs               10ba9c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_image_cbs              10bab8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_element_cbs            10bad4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_option_array_cbs       10baf0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_option_cbs             10bb0c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_history_cbs            10bb28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_framearray_cbs         10bb44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
property_array           10bb60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
ecma_property_names      10bc44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
appCodeName_PROPERTY     10bd28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
appName_PROPERTY         10bd34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
appVersion_PROPERTY      10bd3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
availHeight_PROPERTY     10bd48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
availLeft_PROPERTY       10bd54 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
availTop_PROPERTY        10bd60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
availWidth_PROPERTY      10bd6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
closed_PROPERTY          10bd78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
colorDepth_PROPERTY      10bd80 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
defaultChecked_PROPERTY  10bd8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
defaultSelected_PROPERTY 10bd9c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
defaultValue_PROPERTY    10bdac + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
description_PROPERTY     10bdbc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
document_PROPERTY        10bdc8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
enabledPlugin_PROPERTY   10bdd4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
filename_PROPERTY        10bde4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
form_PROPERTY            10bdf0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
frames_PROPERTY          10bdf8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
index_PROPERTY           10be00 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
mimeTypes_PROPERTY       10be08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
navigator_PROPERTY       10be14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
opener_PROPERTY          10be20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
pixelDepth_PROPERTY      10be28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
platform_PROPERTY        10be34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
screen_PROPERTY          10be40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
suffixes_PROPERTY        10be48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
userAgent_PROPERTY       10be54 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
BrowserLibFunctionList   10be60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
optthreaded              10c160 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
jseFPx10000              10c164 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseFPx100000000          10c16c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseFPx7fffffff           10c174 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
globalStringTable        10c17c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ObjectNameStr            10c1f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ObjectProtoList          10c200 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
FunctionNameStr          10c260 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ZeroStr                  10c26c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
FunctionProtoList        10c270 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
seNaN                    10c2d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seecma.o)
seInfinity               10c2dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seecma.o)
PROTOTYPE_PROPERTY       10c2e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
DELETE_PROPERTY          10c2f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
PUT_PROPERTY             10c2f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CANPUT_PROPERTY          10c300 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
GET_PROPERTY             10c308 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
HASPROPERTY_PROPERTY     10c310 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CALL_PROPERTY            10c320 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
DYN_DEFAULT_PROPERTY     10c328 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CLASS_PROPERTY           10c334 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
VALUE_PROPERTY           10c33c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CONSTRUCT_PROPERTY       10c344 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CONSTRUCTOR_PROPERTY     10c350 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
DEFAULT_PROPERTY         10c35c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
PARENT_PROPERTY          10c36c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
ORIG_PROTOTYPE_PROPERTY  10c378 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
LENGTH_PROPERTY          10c384 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
PREFERRED_PROPERTY       10c38c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
ARGUMENTS_PROPERTY       10c39c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CALLEE_PROPERTY          10c3a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
VALUEOF_PROPERTY         10c3b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
TOSTRING_PROPERTY        10c3b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
TOSOURCE_PROPERTY        10c3c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
OBJECT_PROPERTY          10c3d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
FUNCTION_PROPERTY        10c3d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
ARRAY_PROPERTY           10c3e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
NUMBER_PROPERTY          10c3ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
BUFFER_PROPERTY          10c3f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
STRING_PROPERTY          10c3fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
BOOLEAN_PROPERTY         10c404 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
DATE_PROPERTY            10c40c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
REGEXP_PROPERTY          10c414 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
EXCEPTION_PROPERTY       10c41c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
PROTOCLASS_PROPERTIES    10c424 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
PROTOPROTO_PROPERTIES    10c438 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
jse_special_math         10c450 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
OBJ_HELPER_DATA          10c470 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
WhiteSpace               10c4a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
SameLineWhiteSpace       10c4a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
NewLine                  10c4ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
RoundDown                10c4b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
RoundUp                  10c4b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
jse_DBL_MAX              10c4cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
jse_DBL_MIN              10c4d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
seNegInfinity            10c4dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
ObjectLibFunctionList    10c4e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
EcmaStringFunctions      10cb04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
textcoreStrings          10ccf4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreInitializationFunctionName 10ce64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreDeleteKeyword    10ce7c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreTypeofKeyword    10ce84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreInstanceofKeyword 10ce8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreVoidKeyword      10ce98 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreIfKeyword        10cea0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreElseKeyword      10cea4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreSwitchKeyword    10ceac + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreCaseKeyword      10ceb4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreDefaultKeyword   10cebc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreWhileKeyword     10cec4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreDoKeyword        10cecc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreForKeyword       10ced0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreInKeyword        10ced4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreTryKeyword       10ced8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreThrowKeyword     10cedc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreCatchKeyword     10cee4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreFinallyKeyword   10ceec + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreWithKeyword      10cef4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreBreakKeyword     10cefc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreContinueKeyword  10cf04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreGotoKeyword      10cf10 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreReturnKeyword    10cf18 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreNewKeyword       10cf20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreVariableKeyword  10cf24 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreAbstractKeyword  10cf28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreBooleanKeyword   10cf34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreByteKeyword      10cf3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreCharKeyword      10cf44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreClassKeyword     10cf4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreConstKeyword     10cf54 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreDebuggerKeyword  10cf5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreDoubleKeyword    10cf68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreEnumKeyword      10cf70 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreExportKeyword    10cf78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreExtendsKeyword   10cf80 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreFinalKeyword     10cf88 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreFloatKeyword     10cf90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreImplementsKeyword 10cf98 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreImportKeyword    10cfa4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreIntKeyword       10cfac + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreInterfaceKeyword 10cfb0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreLongKeyword      10cfbc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreNativeKeyword    10cfc4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorePackageKeyword   10cfcc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorePrivateKeyword   10cfd4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreProtectedKeyword 10cfdc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorePublicKeyword    10cfe8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreShortKeyword     10cff0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreStaticKeyword    10cff8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreSuperKeyword     10d000 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreSynchronizedKeyword 10d008 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreThrowsKeyword    10d018 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreTransientKeyword 10d020 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreVolatileKeyword  10d02c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_bool_true  10d038 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_bool_false 10d040 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreFunctionKeyword  10d048 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_undefined  10d054 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_null       10d060 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_object     10d068 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_Infinity   10d070 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreThisVariableName 10d07c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreGlobalVariableName 10d084 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreMainFunctionName 10d08c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcore_ArgcName        10d094 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcore_ArgvName        10d09c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcore_no_filename     10d0a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
DATE_VALUE_PROPERTY      10d0b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
days_in_month            10d0c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
monthnames               10d104 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
daynames                 10d134 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
month_names              10d150 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateObjectFunctionList   10d180 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MathLibFunctionList      10d500 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
InsufficientMemory       10d870 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
EcmaMiscFunctionList     10d8a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
compile_MEMBER           10d984 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
exec_MEMBER              10d98c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
global_MEMBER            10d994 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
ignoreCase_MEMBER        10d99c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
index_MEMBER             10d9a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
input_MEMBER             10d9b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
lastIndex_MEMBER         10d9b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
lastMatch_MEMBER         10d9c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
lastParen_MEMBER         10d9d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
leftContext_MEMBER       10d9dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
multiline_MEMBER         10d9e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
rightContext_MEMBER      10d9f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
source_MEMBER            10da04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
test_MEMBER              10da0c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
regexpCallbacks          10da14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExpFunctionTable      10da30 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
textlibStrings           10daa0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(setxtlib.o)
textlibPathEnvironmentVariable 10dae0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(setxtlib.o)
textlibstrEcmaFALSE      10dae8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(setxtlib.o)
textlibstrEcmaTRUE       10daf0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(setxtlib.o)
opDescTable              10daf8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(operator.o)
rep_min                  10ddb8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
rep_max                  10ddc0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
escapes                  10ddc8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pcre_default_tables      10de60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
estring                  10e1c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
eint                     10e224 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pstring                  10e294 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
IllegalVariableChars     10e2dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(codeprt2.o)
KeyWords                 10e2fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(codeprt2.o)
handle_database          10e4e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
register_semaphor        10e4e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
database_mode_selector   10e4e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
registered_messageHandler 10e4ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(handles.o)
const_msgr_receive       10e4f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
const_msgr_handle        10e4f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
const_msgr_appname       10e4fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
const_msgr_message       10e500 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
const_msgr_AppMsgrs      10e504 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
const_msgr_fn            10e508 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
const_msgr_msg           10e50c + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
registered_appMessageHandler 10e510 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
msgr_ecmax_cbs           10e514 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
unique_object_id         10e530 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
handlers_list            10e534 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
AppMsgr_LibStruct        10e538 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_msg.o)
const_mediaObjects_string 10e570 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
const_responseScript_string 10e574 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
const_messageScript_string 10e578 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
const_statusScript_string 10e57c + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
const_activeAreaScript_string 10e580 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
const_handle_string      10e584 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
const_plugin_string      10e588 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
const__delete_string     10e58c + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
const_mediaobjectid_string 10e590 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
CheckURL_AreaID          10e594 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
mediactrl_ecmax_cbs      10e59c + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
MediaCtrl_LibStruct      10e5b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(media_ctrl.o)
EnvVarExtension          10e638 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_misc.o)
Mouse_LibStruct          10e63c + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_misc.o)
Misc_LibStruct           10e66c + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_misc.o)
EnvVar_LibStruct         10e68c + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(ecmax_misc.o)
palette1                 10e6ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
palette2                 10e6b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
palette4                 10e6bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
palette8                 10e6f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
palette16                10e718 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
palette32                10e738 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
mode_stack               10e758 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
mode_stack_semaphor      10e75c + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(scrnmodes.o)
ecmax_options_table      10e764 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
ecmax_default_settings   10e864 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
ecmax_dualmono_strings   10e898 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
ecmax_MPEGdecoder_strings 10e8a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
ecmax_screenmode_strings 10e8b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(options.o)
config_data_css          10e8b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css_config.o)
css_config_info          10e8e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css_config.o)
CSS_DBREF_HEAD           10e918 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
css_dbh                  10e91c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
match_pos                10e920 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
pseudo_table             10e924 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
yy_current_buffer        10e93c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_hold_char             10e940 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_n_chars               10e944 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yyleng                   10e948 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_c_buf_p               10e94c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_init                  10e950 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_start                 10e954 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_did_buffer_switch_on_eof 10e958 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_accept                10e95c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_ec                    10f3d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_meta                  10f7d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_base                  10f8b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_def                   1103bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_nxt                   110ec0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_chk                   113b9c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_last_accepting_state  116878 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_last_accepting_cpos   11687c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yytext                   116880 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
unit_div                 116884 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
comment_caller           1168b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
css_working_buffer       1168b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
recover                  1168bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__dbh                  1168c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__sel_parser           1168c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__order                1168c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__good_selectors       1168cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__bad_selector         1168d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__allow_import         1168d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
p_cache                  1168d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
repeat_count             1168e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
float_flag               1168ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__override             1168f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
ffamily                  1168f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
n_ffamily                1168f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
ff_len                   1168fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yytranslate              116900 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yyr1                     116a4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yyr2                     116b48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yydefact                 116c44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yydefgoto                116e50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yypact                   116e94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yypgoto                  1170a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yytable                  1170e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yycheck                  11736c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yychar                   1175f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yylval                   1175f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yynerrs                  117608 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
config_data_webimage     117618 + |C$$data| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage_config.o)
webimage_config_info     117648 + |C$$data| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage_config.o)
jpeg_decoder             117680 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
jpeg_std_message_table   11768c + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
first_pool_slop          117868 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
extra_pool_slop          117870 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
jpeg_zigzag_order        117878 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jpeg_natural_order       117978 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
base_dither_matrix       117ab8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
extend_test              117c44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
extend_offset            117c84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
extend_test              117cc4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
extend_offset            117d04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
alpha_threshold          117d44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
dither_table             117d48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
png_decoder              118d48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
png_gamma_shift          118d54 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
onebppswaptable          118d74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
twobppswaptable          118e74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
fourbppswaptable         118f74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_libpng_ver           119074 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sig                  119080 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_IHDR                 119088 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_IDAT                 119090 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_IEND                 119098 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_PLTE                 1190a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_bKGD                 1190a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_cHRM                 1190b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_gAMA                 1190b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_hIST                 1190c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_iCCP                 1190c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_iTXt                 1190d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_oFFs                 1190d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pCAL                 1190e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sCAL                 1190e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pHYs                 1190f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sBIT                 1190f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sPLT                 119100 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sRGB                 119108 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_tEXt                 119110 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_tIME                 119118 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_tRNS                 119120 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_zTXt                 119128 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_start           119130 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_inc             11914c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_ystart          119168 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_yinc            119184 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_mask            1191a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_dsp_mask        1191bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_digit                1191e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
nStackCount              119210 + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
stack                    119214 + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
gif_decoder              119224 + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
masks                    119230 + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(lzw.o)
s_decode_sprite2         119264 + |C$$data| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
s_decode_xbm             119270 + |C$$data| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
crc_table                119280 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(crc32.o)
border                   119680 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
z_errmsg                 1196cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
z_verbose                1196f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
inflate_mask             1196f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infutil.o)
inflate_copyright        11973c + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cplens                   11976c + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cplext                   1197e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cpdist                   119864 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cpdext                   1198dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_bl                 119954 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_bd                 119958 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_tl                 11995c + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_td                 11a95c + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
flexptr__base            11aa5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flexptr__free            11aa60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flexptr__slot            11aa64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex__page               11aa68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex__inited             11aa6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
FlexShrinkable           11aa70 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
s_pfnResize              11aa74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
s_pvClientContext        11aa78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
alarms                   11aa7c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
set_cb                   11aa80 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
set_cb_context           11aa84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
callback_required        11aa88 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
resolveList              11aa8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
cm_manager               11aa90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
alt_manager              11aa94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
msgs_block               11aa9c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
msgs_data                11aac0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
my_sprite_area           11aac4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
tmpnam_buf               11aacc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
count                    11ab1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
enable_anti_twitter      11ab20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
flex_ptr_list            11ab28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
netconnect               11ab2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
error_copy_index         11ab30 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
spriteextend_version     11ab34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
gopherentries            11ab38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_join.o)
months                   11ab80 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
encode_table             11abb0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uuencode.o)
pr2six                   11abf4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uudecode.o)
emergency_size           11acf4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
emergency_lumps          11acf8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
low_memory               11ad38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_task                  11ad3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_taskhalt              11ad40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_freehalt              11ad44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mem_still_low            11ad48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
g_modal                  11ad4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
g_win                    11ad50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
modal_wait_fns           11ad68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
modal_wait_for_release_fns 11ad7c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
font_version             11ad90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
have_symbol_font         11ad94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
fonts_opened             11ad98 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
fonts_closed             11ad9c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
local_cached_bg_col      11ada0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
local_cached_fg_col      11ada4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
looked_up_symbol_font    11ada8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
dyn_font                 11adac + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
max_dyn_font             11adb0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__currentfont     11adb8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
lastrun                  11ade0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
runnable_list            11ade4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_list                11ade8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
defaultkeymap            11ae08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
selectiondefaultkeymap   11aed4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
actions_base             11af64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
actions_noedit           11afd0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
actions_nocaret          11b03c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_win_fns     11b0a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
hourglass_count          11b0bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
hourglass_next_notify    11b0c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
hourglass_next_poll      11b0c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
hourglass_poll_interval  11b0c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
languages                11b0cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
panicfns                 11b12c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
observer_list            11b150 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
observer_next            11b158 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
shutdown_count           11b15c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
buttonpeer_fns           11b160 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
ps_peer_list_head        11b174 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
widget_size              11b178 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
dropdown_size            11b180 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
selectpeer_default_keymap 11b188 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_win_fns 11b1e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_win_fns 11b1fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
s_caret                  11b210 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
s_mouse                  11b22c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
native_key               11b250 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
raw_key                  11b254 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
windows                  11b258 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
rootwin                  11b260 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_origin                11b264 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
root_is_full_screen      11b26c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
windows_created          11b270 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
windows_deleted          11b274 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
rootwin_fns              11b278 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointers                 11b298 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
invisibility_count       11b2f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
limits_16bit             11b2fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
sound_events_base        11b30c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
sound_events_private     11b33c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
autoscroll               11b3ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
drag_claim_w             11b400 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
terminate_time           11b41c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
to_csAcornFuzzy_encoding 11b420 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
to_csCurrent_encoding    11b424 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
from_csWindows1252       11b428 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
from_csCurrent_encoding  11b42c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
print_save_origin        11b430 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
active_job               11b438 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
config_data_font         11b43c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
font_config_info         11b470 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
font_datatypes           11b5b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
flex_mem_size            11b5c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
flex_mem_size_set        11b5c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
heap_mem_size            11b5cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
heap_mem_size_set        11b5d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
bDontOpenWindow          11b5d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
ma                       11b5d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
das                      11b5e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
atexit_done              11b5f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
init_done                11b5fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
av_                      11b600 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
av_init                  11ba08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
trim_threshold           11be10 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
top_pad                  11be14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
n_mmaps_max              11be18 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
mmap_threshold           11be1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
sbrk_base                11be20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
max_sbrked_mem           11be24 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
max_total_mem            11be28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
current_mallinfo         11be2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
n_mmaps                  11be54 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
mmapped_mem              11be58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
mem_size                 11be5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_base              11be60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
block_base               11be64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_size              11be68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
meta_fn                  11be6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
meta_fn_handle           11be70 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
heap__da                 11be74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
da_size                  11be78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap__base               11be7c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap__size               11be80 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
event_queue              11be84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
rmaptr                   11be8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_claims          11be90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
confman_env_standard_datatypes 11be94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
config_data_window       11bf74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(window_config.o)
window_config_info       11bfa4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(window_config.o)
config_data_riscos       11c064 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(riscos_config.o)
riscos_config_info       11c094 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(riscos_config.o)
config_data_net          11c144 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(net_config.o)
net_config_info          11c174 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(net_config.o)
socketpoll_claims        11c234 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
combinerfep_class        11c23c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
actions_select           11c244 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
actions_select_noedit    11c274 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
actions_override         11c2a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
actions_override_noedit  11c310 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
selection_info           11c37c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
selectionfep_class       11c39c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
ime_pending_key          11c3a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_pending_native_key   11c3a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
filewatcher_handle       11c3ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
removal_fn               11c3b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
s_notify                 11c3b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(notify2.o)
riscos_function_key_map  11c3bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
riscos_ctrl_key_map      11c5bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
config_data_ime          11c6ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime_config.o)
ime_config_info          11c71c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime_config.o)
feps                     11c75c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
colour_array             11c760 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
Qlen                     11cbe8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
confman_text_standard_datatypes 11cc08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
socket_closures          11ccf8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socket_deletions         11ccfc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_error      11cd00 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socket_opens             11cd04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socket_closes            11cd08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
webfont_typefaces        11cd34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_map_nfaces       11cd38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_nfaces           11cd3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
config_data_button       11cd40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(button_config.o)
button_config_info       11cd70 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(button_config.o)
uic_list                 11cdf0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
config_data_select       11cdf4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(select_config.o)
select_config_info       11ce24 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(select_config.o)
clip__item               11ceb4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__list               11cec0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__destroy            11cec4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__hasclipboard       11cec8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__anchor             11cecc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__handle             11ced0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__msgid              11ced4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__xferstate          11ced8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
imefep_info              11cedc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
imefep_class             11cefc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
version                  11cf04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
enclist                  11cf28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
enc_table_list           11d4a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding__alloc          11d4a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding__free           11d4a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
unicode_type             11d4ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
unicode_type_ref         11edac + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
combine3099              11f1ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(combine.o)
combine309A              11f278 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(combine.o)
enc_ascii                11f2ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ascii.o)
enc_iso2022              11f2d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
enc_iso2022_euc          11f2f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
enc_shiftjis             11f318 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
B                        11f33c + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
BValue                   11f340 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
shift                    11f3c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
enc_utf7                 11f440 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
enc_utf8                 11f464 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
enc_ucs4                 11f488 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
enc_utf16                11f4ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
enc_bigfive              11f4d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
enc_eightbit             11f4f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
enc_johab                11f63c + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
static_window            11f660 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
default_dynamic_window   11f670 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
default_window_usage     11f678 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
special_offset           11f680 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
enc_scsu                 11f6b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
fuzzy_specials           11f6d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(acorn.o)
enc_acorn                11f750 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(acorn.o)
enc_system               11f774 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
event__id_block          11f798 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event__mask              11f79c + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
_next_handler            11f7a0 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
err                      11f7a4 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent__all_handlers    11f8a4 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
err                      11f8a8 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
_next_handler            11f9a8 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg__handlers        11f9ac + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
_next_handler            11f9b0 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
err                      11f9b4 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent__handlers      11fab4 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent__all_handlers  11fb08 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
$d                       11fb0c + |ModuleWrapData| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
ModuleWrapData           11fb0c + |ModuleWrapData| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
module_private_word_ptr  11fb0c + |ModuleWrapData| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
panicerr                 11fb10 + |C$$zidata| from object file objr/mempanic.o
hotlist_cats             11fd10 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
subs_5_buf               11fd88 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
char_decode              11fe08 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
default_errorBlock       11fe88 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/ecmaxrom.lib(utilities.o)
error_copy               121050 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
webfonts                 121450 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
shutdown_fns             122350 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
tbevent__handlers        1223d0 + |C$$zidata| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
Stub$$Data               1227d0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_imageBase          1227d0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_rtsDataBase        1227d4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_rtsDataLimit       1227d8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_IIHandlerInData    1227dc + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_FatalErrorBuffer   1227dc + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_PAHandlerInData    1227ec + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_DAHandlerInData    1227fc + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_AEHandlerInData    12280c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_undStack           12281c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_svcStack           122820 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused4            122824 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_registerDump       122848 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldAbortHandlers   12288c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldExitHandler     12289c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldMemoryLimit     1228a4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldErrorHandler    1228a8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldErrorR0         1228ac + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldErrorBuffer     1228b0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldCallBackHandler 1228b4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldEscapeHandler   1228c0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldEventHandler    1228c8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldUpCallHandler   1228d0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_languageEnvSave    1228d8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_hadEscape          1228e4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_kallocExtendsWS    1228e5 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_inTrapHandler      1228e6 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_beingDebugged      1228e7 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_fpPresent          1228e8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_initialised        1228e9 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_callbackInactive   1228ea + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused_byte_2      1228eb + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused2            1228ec + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_eventCode          122918 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_eventUserR13       12291c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_eventRegisters     122920 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_errorBuffer        122950 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_errorNumber        122954 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_errorString        122958 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapTop            122a54 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapLimit          122a58 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_allocProc          122a5c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_freeProc           122a60 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_returnCode         122a64 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_moduleDataWord     122a68 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ClientFlags        122a6c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_escapeSeen         122a6d + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unwinding          122a6e + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_underDesktop       122a6f + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapBase           122a70 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ArgString          122a74 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapExtender       122a78 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_knownSlotSize      122a7c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_initSlotSize       122a80 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_lk_RestoreOSHandlers 122a84 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_extendChunk        122a88 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_rootStackChunk     122a8c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_pc_hex_buff        122a90 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_returnCodeLimit    122a90 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_reg_hex_buff       122a9c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
disable_stack_extension  122aa8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused             122aac + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__errno                  122aec + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__iob                    122af0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_interrupts_off          122d70 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub__saved_interrupt   122d74 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ctype_eof          122d78 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__ctype                  122d7c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__huge_val               122e7c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_app_space_end      122e84 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_stack_o_flag       122e88 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_inSignalHandler    122e89 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_dummybyte          122e8a + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_                   122e8b + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ClibSpace          122e8c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__SIG_IGN                fffffffd
__SIG_ERR                fffffffe
__SIG_DFL                ffffffff
Symbol Table
mktime                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
localtime                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
time                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fseek                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
bsearch                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
strspn                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
strcspn                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
sscanf                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
_kernel_osbyte           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fprintf                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
strncat                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
_kernel_setenv           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
atof                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
ftell                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
memchr                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
setjmp                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
longjmp                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
fflush                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
fgetc                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fskipline.o)
_kernel_escape_seen      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
_kernel_last_oserror     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
clock                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localclock.o)
gmtime                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localgmtime.o)
strftime                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
setvbuf                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
_kernel_getenv           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
_kernel_osword           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
vfprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
setlocale                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
_kernel_swi              ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
_kernel_irqs_on          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
_kernel_irqs_off         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
exp                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
tan                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
acos                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
asin                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
rand                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
sqrt                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
atan2                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
srand                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
log                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
strpbrk                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(source.o)
fmod                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
floor                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
strtod                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
free                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
malloc                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
memcpy                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strchr                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strlen                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strrchr                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
__rt_stkovf_split_small  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strcmp                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/accftp.o
strtol                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/accftp.o
_sprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/accftp.o
__rt_stkovf_split_big    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/accftp.o
memset                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/acchttp.o
strtok                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/acchttp.o
__rt_sdiv                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/acchttp.o
fgets                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authallow.o
strcpy                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authallow.o
toupper                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authallow.o
strncmp                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/auth.o
__rt_udiv                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/auth.o
strcat                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authtextio.o
_fprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authtextio.o
atoi                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/backend.o
strstr                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/blacklist.o
strncpy                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/blacklist.o
abs                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/browser.o
sprintf                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/browser.o
tolower                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/browser.o
strtoul                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/cache5.o
ceil                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/colspan.o
qsort                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
asctime                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/cookietextio.o
ctime                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/dir2html.o
pow                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/imagemapr.o
_swix                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/images.o
exit                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/main.o
atexit                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/main.o
signal                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/main.o
vsprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/mempanic.o
_clib_finalisemodule     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
fputs                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/obreak.o
__rt_sdiv10              ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/obullet.o
fputc                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/oinput.o
memcmp                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ridprops.o
fwrite                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
getenv                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
remove                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
tmpnam                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
fopen                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/submit.o
fread                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/submit.o
fclose                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/submit.o
memmove                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/tables.o
_main                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
TrapHandler              ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
EventHandler             ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_init             ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
C$$code$$Base            ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
C$$code$$Limit           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$RO$$Base          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$RW$$Base          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$ZI$$Base          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_clib_initialise         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$RW$$Limit         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
RTSK$$Data$$Base         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
RTSK$$Data$$Limit        ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_moduleinit       ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_entermodule      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
UncaughtTrapHandler      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
UnhandledEventHandler    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_command_string   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_Shared_Lib_Module_SWI_Code ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__RelocCode              ?????? Undefined, WEAK Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__root_stack_size        ?????? Undefined, WEAK Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
