

$d                       000000 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
!!!Module$$Header        000000 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0000d0 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
_Mod$Reloc$Off           000218
_Lib$Reloc$Off           00021c
$d                       00026c + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       000294 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       0002e8 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0002ec + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       0003c0 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0003c4 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       000448 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       00045c + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       0004dc + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       0004e8 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       000528 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       000544 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$d                       000644 + |!!!Module$$Header| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
$a                       000648 + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
bbc_plot                 000648 + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
ASM$$Code                000648 + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
bbc_modevar              000658 + |ASM$$Code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sensible.o)
$a                       000668 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
ASM$$code                000668 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
DynamicArea_Alloc        000668 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
DynamicArea_Realloc      0006b0 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
DynamicArea_Free         0006cc + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
MemoryPageSize           0006ec + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(dynamic.o)
$d                       0006f8 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
rma_code                 0006f8 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
ASM$$code                0006f8 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
$a                       00073c + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
$d                       000788 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
rma_code_end             000788 + |ASM$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketrma.o)
access_progress_flush    000a4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_redirect_progress 000aec + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_redirect_complete 000b40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_handle_create_sync 000c00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_handle_free_sync  000c8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_handle_complete   000c9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_load_from_mem     000cb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_literal           000da0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_file_fetch        000ee4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
_Lib$Reloc$Off$DP        000f87
access_file_fetch_alarm  000ff4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_directory         00104c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_file              00119c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_url               0012d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_free_item         001a9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_unlink_and_free   001c30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_link              001ca0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_abort_item        001cd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_abort             001da8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_abort_all_items   001df4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_init              001e4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_logon             001ec0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_logoff            001ef8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_tidyup            001f34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_alarm             001f60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_reschedule        001f70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_remove            001fd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_header_info   001fdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_header_info   002050 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_handle_info   0020d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_cacheable         0021bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_optimise_cache    002248 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_fromcache         00224c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_test_cache        002264 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_ssl_available     002268 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_is_scheme_supported 002290 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_progress      002368 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_was_directory     002380 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_ftype         0023b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_can_handle_file_type 0023dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access__update_buffer    0024c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_new_data          00255c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_url_type_and_size 002600 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_callback_info 0027b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_callback_info 0027d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_get_anchor        0027e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_anchor        0027e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_set_stream_mode   002800 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_completed_part    00282c + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_do_redial         002850 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_redial_alarm      002900 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_mailto            002a08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/access2.o
access_ftp_close         002bf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_callback      002c24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_fetch_start   002cb0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_fetch         002d34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_check_pw      003004 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
ftp_redial_retry         003154 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
ftp_resolve_callback     003264 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_new_ftp           003300 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_passwd_callback 0033dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp_login         00351c + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_ftp               0035ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/accftp.o
access_auth              003978 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_close        00399c + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_callback     0039cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_fetch_start  003a94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_do_redirect  003e18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_auth_rerequest 003edc + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_find_realm   004020 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_passwd_callback 0041e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_fetch_done   004308 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
http_redial_retry        00444c + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
http_resolve_callback    00456c + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_get_headers       004624 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_fetch        004690 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_check_pw     004d1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_new_http          004e04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_http_tidyup       00501c + |C$$code| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_scheme_lookup     005084 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_register_handler 0050f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
remove_def               005130 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_deregister_handler 005160 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_registered 00517c + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_new        0051a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_redirect_url 0052bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_load_from_mem 00539c + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
access_scheme_init       0053e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/accscheme.o
unknown_mime_type_error  0053e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
duplicate_mime_type_error 0053f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
unknown_file_extension_type_error 0053fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
plugin_reshape_type_error 005404 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
detached_helper_type_error 00540c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
mime_assoc_iterator      005414 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
mime_type_assoc          005440 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_ea_iterator 00548c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_assoc_iterator 0054b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_assoc     0054f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
ensure_plugin_assoc_init 005538 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_prevent_cache 005558 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_thread         0055ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_unthread       0055bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_url_notify 0055cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_destroy 0055d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_destroy_iterator_tell 005718 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_destroy_iterator_donttell 005748 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_call_adaptor_new 005778 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_shrink_buffer  005804 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_add_to_buffer  005848 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_call_write_ready 0058b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_call_write     005908 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_deliver        0059ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_cacheable_progress 005a28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_streaming_progress 005a64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_progress2      005b2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_progress       005b94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_cache_data     005c74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_schedule_delivery_alarm 005ce0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_deliver_alarm  005cfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_complete       005d60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_resolve_url    005dfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_create         005e10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new 005ed4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_javascript_url 005fe8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url_post_notify 006080 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url_post 0061f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url_notify 006238 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_new_url 006278 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_data_get 0062b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_data_set 0062c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_url_get 0062cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_mime_type_get 0062d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_size_get 0062dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_last_modified_get 0062f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_stream_notify_data_get 0062fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
helper_find_iterator     006304 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
helper_find              006330 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_mime_type 0063a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_file_extension 006490 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_info 006524 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_register_default_plugin 00659c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_find_iterator 0065c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
file_extension_free_iterator 0065ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_mime_type 00660c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_file_extension 00669c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_info 00674c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_unregister_all_iterator 0067c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_unregister_all 0067ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
register_default_plugin  006834 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_mime_type_adaptor_class 0068dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
plugin_new_internal      006978 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_new       006a14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin__get_helper 006b0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_helper    006c64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_helper_persist 006ce0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_browser_notify_destroy_iterator 006d6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy   006d80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
destroy_helper_fn        006dfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy_document_helpers 006e2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
destroy_helper_by_comparison_fn 006e70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy_helper 006eb0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_destroy_browser_helpers 006ef4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_open      006f34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_close     006f88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_reshape   006fd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_request_reshape 007000 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_focus     007054 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_action    007060 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_abort     00706c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_get_info  0070b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_create_url_notify_data 0070c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_destroy_url_notify_data 007100 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_load_view_notify      007138 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
bp_stream_cleanup_url    00717c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_url_get   0071e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_url_post  00729c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_is_there_enough_memory 007374 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_dump      00737c + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_frontend_action 007380 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
make_suffixes            007394 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_info_iterate 0073e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
browser_plugin_init      007484 + |C$$code| from object file objr/antplugin.o
auth_dump                0074a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_realm_dispose       0074a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_realms_dispose      0074f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_item_dispose        007544 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_items_dispose       007574 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_prune_items         0075bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_dispose             007654 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_forget_realm        007674 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_init_passwords      007724 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_get_type            00773c + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_supported           007794 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
get_rooturl              0077bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_add_realm           007868 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_add                 00793c + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_lookup_realm        007a04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_lookup              007a74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_construct_basic     007b40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_lookup_string       007bfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_get_rooturl         007c5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_allow_dispose       007c64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_allows_dispose      007c70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_test_allow          007ca0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_check_allow_deny    007d6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_read_allow_file     007dc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_init_allow          007edc + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_dispose_allow       007f68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authallow.o
auth_realms_data_size    007fa8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_write_realms_data   00805c + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_read_realms_data    008178 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_write_realms_binary 0082bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_load_file_binary    008318 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authbinaryio.o
auth_write_realms        008374 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authio.o
auth_load_file           0083a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authio.o
auth_realms_optimise     0083bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/authoptimise.o
auth_items_optimise      0084cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/authoptimise.o
auth_optimise            008554 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authoptimise.o
auth_write_realms_text   008574 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authtextio.o
auth_load_file_text      008798 + |C$$code| from object file objr/authtextio.o
document_get_edges       008968 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_check_pending_reformat 0089b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_find_test_text        008abc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_from_item    008c40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_find             008c84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_item_bbox    008d80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_locate_item  008e34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_handle_javascript_url 008e80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_handle_url      008f00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
count_escaped            0090d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_dont_run_javascript 00910c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_table_event_handler 009148 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_table_cell_click 009244 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_link_click_q     009354 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_link_click       00943c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__doc_click       009468 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_click        00957c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_filedragged      009684 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__mouseover_event 009708 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_get_mouseover    009798 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_set_mouseover    0097c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_item_pos_info    00987c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__item_selection_info 009c1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_item_info        009c3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_link_info        009ce4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_is_secure_url    009d68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_info         009d98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_file_info    009ed0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_info       009ef0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_ensure_font     009f9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_getwebfont      009fd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_size_info  00a020 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_file_info  00a0c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_defer    00a0e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_defer_images     00a10c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_stop_animation   00a1fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_mark_to_flush  00a2d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_flush_image  00a304 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_dispose  00a470 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_font_dispose   00a4f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_data_dispose   00a558 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_dispose_doc_contents  00a580 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__dispose_ecma    00a744 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend__dispose_doc     00a7b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_unlink_doc      00a9a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_deferred_event_handler 00a9e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_get_root_doc    00aa88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_create_jsevent  00aad0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_create_jsevent_queue 00ab0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_reschedule_event_handler 00ab40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_dispose_doc      00abf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_update_image_stata    00acb0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_update_image_stata 00ae50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_update_image_info     00ae84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_screen_changed   00b0a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_view_redraw           00b0c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_dummy_render          00b148 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_render_background 00b184 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_render_rectangle2 00b3ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_render_rectangle 00b544 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_update_item_trim 00b548 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_update_item     00b604 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_tfetch_stream         00b610 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_trigger_fetching 00b6f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_document_reformat_tail 00b7cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_format          00b834 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_set_dimensions        00b868 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_reset_width      00b970 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_goto_fragment    00ba50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_update_image_size     00bb90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_alarm_check_reformatted_images 00bc5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_trim_box_from_update 00bc64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_image_change2   00be48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_image_change    00c26c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_view_visit            00c27c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_init_page       00c338 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_background_change 00c3c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_form_reset      00c520 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_lookup_parser         00c698 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_pparse_doc            00c6fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_doc_fetch_bg          00c834 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
redraw_and_set_alarm     00c990 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
background_redraw_alarm  00ca00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
background_redraw        00ca1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_change   00ca34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_fetch    00cb20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_pparse_pending_html   00cc58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_parser_finished       00ccec + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_parser_fetch_complete 00cd1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_parser_task           00cdf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_doc_finished          00d040 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_formatter_task        00d2dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_extract_domain_from_url 00d674 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_need_doc_url_fixup    00d6cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_doc_url_fixup         00d748 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_progress2       00d7a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_progress        00dce0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_complete2       00dd30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_complete        00df8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
rid_props_image_fetch_cancel 00dfc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_abort        00e050 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
notify_doc_aborted       00e2c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_abort_all       00e2d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_view_with_selection 00e484 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_set_flags    00e4bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document      00e5fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_task 00e6d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_alarm_handler 00e700 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_cancel 00e748 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_refresh_document_schedule 00e78c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_open_url         00e7a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_saver_text   00eb54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_saver_sprite 00ebcc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_image_saver_jpeg 00ec14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_key          00ec5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_total_images     00ed58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_activate_link    00ed84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_meta_connect 00ede4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_check_meta       00edf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_check_meta_merge 00ee78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be_free_meta             00ef18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
be__plugin_abort_or_action 00ef64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_plugin_action    00efa8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_plugin_info      00f034 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_mark_page_visited 00f050 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_locate_id        00f0d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_item_language 00f248 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_item_lang_name  00f27c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_uncache_image_info 00f290 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_free_task  00f36c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_remove_task 00f398 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_retry_tasks 00f3dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_progress   00f440 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_process_task 00f4a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_complete   00f5e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_task_exists 00f6b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_object     00f6e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_addecma         00f898 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_script          00f94c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_script_data 00faf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__deferred_script_data 00fb08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_fetch_script    00fb60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_js_enable        00fbb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_jsevent_dispose_doc 00fbe4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_event_handler   00fc94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_onload_event_handler 00fd58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_named_event_handler 00fdf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_form_element_locate 00fdf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_keypress_event_handler 00fe4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_input_event_handler 00ffd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_image_event_handler 010084 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_form_event_handler 01018c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_link_event_handler 010288 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_element_event_handler 010370 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_form_event_handler 010468 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_aref_event_handler 01053c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_image_event_handler 010610 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_doc_event_handler 0106e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_doc_event_handlers 0107a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_aref_event_handlers 010844 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_image_event_handlers 010910 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_add_event_handlers 0109e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_ecma_update_plugins 010b9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_css             010bac + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__css_import_cb  010bb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__css_restart_cb 010bbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_init_css        010bf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_stylesheet      010c54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_stylesheet_ready 010cf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_stylesheet_data 010cf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document__ool_stylesheet_cancel 010d4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
document_fetch_stylesheet 010d54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_doc_applet_failed 010dd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
config2_init             010e14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_logon            010e68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_logoff           010ec8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_loggedon         010f00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_init             010f14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
backend_tidyup           010f80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/backend.o
blacklist_match          010fbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/blacklist.o
frontend_tidyup          011078 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_init             0110a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_set_client_version 011154 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_new              011158 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_destroy          011220 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_window       0112e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_back_available 0112f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_forward_available 01132c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_always_available 011368 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_cmd_available 011370 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_set_position     0113dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_back     011628 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_forward  011658 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_back_possible 011688 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_history_forward_possible 01168c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_is_scheme_supported 011690 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
notify_load_view         011694 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
notify_disposal_document 0116e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
notify_disposal_view     01172c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__dispose_fetching_doc 011778 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__dispose_displaying_doc 0117a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fetch_started            0117d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fetch_failed             011850 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fetch_finished           0118e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_refresh          0119c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
count_views              011a80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_view_count   011ac4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_fullsize_view_count 011acc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
count_priority_views     011ad4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_find_target           011b04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
check_recursion          011b88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_goto_homepage    011c18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_goto_url         011c30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
stop_view                011c94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_stop        011cec + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_stop             011cfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__view_visit_alarm 011d0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_open_url_box    011d28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_open_url        012454 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_goto_url_target  0124b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_post_url         0124e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
delete_if_any_pending    012588 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_thread     01260c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_unthread   012634 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_is_threaded         012674 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
next_link                0126a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_view_to_index         012710 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_index_to_view         012780 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_win_to_top_level_view 0127f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_win_to_view      01281c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_view    01286c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_view_all 0128b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_leaf_view 012914 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_leaf_view_all 012958 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_top_view 01299c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_next_top_view_visible 0129cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_top_view_topmost 012a44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_window  012a8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_private_handle 012a94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_private_handle 012a9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_caret_view   012aa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_set_current_view 012af8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_current_view     012bd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
lookup_view_name         012be4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_lookup_view_name 012d7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
flags_to_direction       012d84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
direction_to_flags       012db8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
base_highlight_flags     012dd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
centre_pointer           012e50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_view_for_focus       012eb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
should_we_move_highlight 012ef4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_redraw  012f3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_click   012f98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_remove  012fc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_open    012fd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_close   0130e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe__locate_view_by_position 0130f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_locate_view_by_position 013264 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_locate_view_by_direction 01331c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
change_view_links        0134dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_frame_navigate        013534 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
move_focus_to_ui         013664 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
move_highlight_from_box  0136d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
find_link_not_iframe     0137a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe__move_highlight_xy    013908 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_check_link_info  013bc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_check_link       013ca4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_move_highlight_xy     013d28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_move_highlight        013d2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_move_linear           013e14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_activate_highlight    013f00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_blur                013fcc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_scroll              01403c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
pagescroll_amt           014140 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_current_view_if_frameset 014150 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
page_scroll              014198 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_max_dx              014238 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_max_dy              014264 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
switch_window            014294 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
kill_window              014364 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_event_call       0143b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_set_key_map      0147d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_key_map      0147e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_lookup_key_map   014808 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
accesskey_modifier_applies 014830 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_key                 0148c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_caret      014a74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_note_focus_gained   014b88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_note_focus_lost     014bcc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_has_caret  014c08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_close_view      014c24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_close_unlink_view 014d64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_doc_disposal_warning 014e6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_bounds     014ec4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_set_dimensions 014f2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__collate_security_info 014fa0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_security_info        01504c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_do_security_callbacks 0150a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_dispose_view_children 01510c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_ensure_highlight      015154 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
children__update_state   015210 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
children_update_state    015230 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_visit      01524c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_takecaret        015648 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_takecaret   015690 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_ensure_visible 0156f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_ensure_visible_full 015724 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_images_message        0158bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
add_progress             015b48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
accumulate_progress_to_root 015bc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__document_onload 015c34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
display_pending_message  015c64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
have_view_and_children_finished 015cd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
check_finished           015d0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
trigger_finished         015d70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_status     015d98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_convert_fetch_type 01674c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_fetch_started 016754 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_fetch_finished 0167b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_clear_status 016814 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_clear_default_status 016840 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_get_status 01686c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_set_status 01688c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_get_default_status 0168f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_set_default_status 016910 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_update     016970 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_redraw     0169c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_get_dimensions 016a5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_fpd_dispose     016ad4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_authenticate_callback 016b50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_password_callback 016bb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_name_and_password_callback 016bdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_password_task   016bfc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_name_and_password_task 016c5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_passwd_raise    016cbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_passwd_dispose  016e9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_complain        016ea0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_fatal_error     016f1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwin_redraw           016f4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwin_click            016f78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwin_focus            017104 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
create_rootwin           017158 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_redraw              0171e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_drag                0171f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_click               01734c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_click_logical       017618 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
mousemove_actions        0176a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_check_autoscroll    0178b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_mousemove           017948 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
view_focus               017a5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__new_view       017aa0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_new_view        017d60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_new_rootview    017d98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_new_toplevel_view 017dd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_margins    017e24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_url_punt        017f58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_saver_last_name 018108 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe_frame_resize          01810c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_frame_layout    01815c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_can_handle_file_type 018320 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
fe__recurse_enable_js    018334 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_js_disable  018398 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_view_get_browser 0183bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_pointer_set_position 0183c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
savedoc                  018468 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
connection_cb            018470 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_interface_state 018484 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
cert_callback            0184d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_current_url_list 0186b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_move_recent_index 018704 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_get_recent_history 018734 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_move_recent_history 018764 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_goto_history 01878c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_history 0187e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_flags   0187e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_info    01881c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_get_info     018918 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_lookup_meta  0189f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_lookup_id    018a20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_submit_form  018a24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_locate_item  018a28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_item_get_info    018adc + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_item_activate    018c38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_link_get_info    018c40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_get_highlight 018c5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_highlight 018ce8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_position 018d3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_doc_print        018e78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_flush            018ea4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_view_set_flags   018f90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_get_ecmactx  019038 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_set_ecmactx  019040 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend__ecma_update_plugins 019048 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_ecma_update_plugins 019070 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
browser_int_plugin_action 0190c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
optimise_view_memory_use 019104 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browser.o
get_top_level_box        019148 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
is_box_repositionable    019188 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
overlay_base_space       0192b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
browser_overlay_find_space 019348 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
browser_overlay_find_space_full 019388 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
browser_overlay_claim_space 019510 + |C$$code| from object file objr/browseroverlay.o
parse_content_type_header 01a234 + |C$$code| from object file objr/brunicode.o
make_filepath            01a2ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
check_save_id_unique     01a2fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_store          01a354 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_dispose        01a4cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_load           01a558 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_unload         01a5b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_init_file      01a5b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
diskcache_init           01a6ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_setmirror          01a824 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_init_disk          01a828 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_init               01a8a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
tidyup                   01a8e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_tidyup             01a9b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__allocate          01a9cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
item_to_index            01aa1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
item_from_index          01aa58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__unlink            01aaac + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__link              01ab24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__oldest_not_locked 01ab88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__kick_item         01abe0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__kick              01ac74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__findunused        01acb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__expand            01ada8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__toitem            01ae08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__put               01aed8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_put                01b040 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_puttofile          01b0c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__lookup_item       01b0cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache__find              01b188 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_find               01b210 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_lose               01b250 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_findtofile         01b2d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_setinfo            01b2dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_getinfo            01b2e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_getanchor          01b308 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_getfilename        01b320 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_remove_from_one_cache 01b328 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_remove             01b390 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_note_file_removed  01b3c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_test               01b510 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_optimise_block     01b55c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_optimise_cache     01b62c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_optimise           01b670 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_flush_ram          01b680 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_flush_disk         01b684 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
cache_panic              01b6b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cache5.o
colspan_bias             01b6bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_init_from_leftmost 01b7a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_bitset 01b7f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_set 01b848 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_copy 01b89c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_lt_copy 01b8fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_upwards 01b964 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_downwards 01b9dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_halve 01ba54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_double 01bab4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_column_and_eql_scale 01bb10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_sum_columns      01bb78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_bitclr 01bbc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_lt_copy 01bc44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_copy 01bcec + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_set  01bd84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_halve 01be04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_double 01bea0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_all_and_eql_scale 01bf34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_free_structure   01c038 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
new_group                01c0b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
init_group               01c130 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
init_column              01c2f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_init_structure1  01c494 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
set_nocons_horiz         01c65c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
set_nocons_vert          01c6f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
set_nocons               01c76c + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_do_the_stomping  01c788 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
have_contradictions      01c984 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_init_structure   01ca58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
sharing_pass             01cab0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
share_raw_abs_pct        01cbf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
reflect_into_table       01cd28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
reflect_percentages      01d100 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
colspan_share_extra_space 01d274 + |C$$code| from object file objr/colspan.o
cookie_get_time          01d528 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
strip_port_from_domain   01d58c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_free              01d5d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_unlink_and_free   01d618 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_check_expiry_domain 01d674 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
find_domain              01d718 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
tail_compare             01d778 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
get_null_domain          01d81c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
get_domain_and_path      01d86c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_add               01d9fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_received_header   01dcd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
browser_set_cookie       01de40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_add_headers       01de9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_free_headers      01e158 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_init              01e18c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_dispose_all       01e190 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookie.o
extract_host_and_port    01e1f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_domain_size       01e27c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_item_size         01e2a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_data_size         01e2e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_compare_used_date 01e390 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_data_size_limited 01e3b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_marked_data 01e508 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_data        01e668 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_binary_file 01e698 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_read_binary_file  01e6ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_read_data         01e744 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
cookie_write_file        01ea10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieio.o
cookie_read_file         01ea2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieio.o
cookie_optimise_domain   01ea44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieoptimise.o
cookie_optimise          01eaec + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookieoptimise.o
extract_port             01eb80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
cookie_read_line         01ebcc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
cookie_write_text_file   01ed20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
cookie_read_text_file    01ef10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cookietextio.o
share_to_abs_in_span     01f014 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_to_max_in_span     01f0f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_to_unused_in_span  01f1cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_to_uncon_in_span   01f294 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
share_in_span            01f35c + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
cs_share_in_spans        01f434 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs_share_in_span.o
colspan_algorithmLR      01f5cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs2.o
colspan_algorithmRL      01f664 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs2.o
colspan_algorithm        01f6f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/cs2.o
found_connection         01f788 + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
csg_connected_components 01f8e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
find_connected_components 01f920 + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
same_connected_component 01fa00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
csg_find_abs_floaters    01fa80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/csgraph.o
dir2html                 01fa88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/dir2html.o
rid_scan_not_floating_tables 020038 + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect__updateitems   02009c + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect__setselect     020198 + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect_modify         0202a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
docselect_clear          02049c + |C$$code| from object file objr/docselect.o
format_width_checking_assertions 02054c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
basic_size_stream        02057c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_raw_minwidth        020744 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_raw_maxwidth        0207c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_abs_minwidth        020830 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_abs_maxwidth        020930 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
largest_implied_table_width 020a78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
normalise_percentages    020ba8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_pct_minwidth        020f4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_pct_maxwidth        020fa8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_rel_minwidth        021024 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
calc_rel_maxwidth        02106c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
recurse_nuke_constraints 0210b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
basic_size_table         021198 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
allocate_widths_table    02141c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
allocate_widths_stream   0214e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
allocate_widths          0215fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
recurse_format_table     021628 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
recurse_format_stream    0218a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_reset_size        021940 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_start             02194c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_restart           0219a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_continue          0219fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_stop              021c50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
format_is_formatting     021c7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/format.o
opposite_side            021c8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
direction_flags_to_side  021cc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
side_to_direction_flags  021cf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
scroll_by_flags          021d28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
find_closest_frame_link  021d70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
get_link_pos             021ea0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_array__build  021ef4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_array_build   02213c + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_array_free    0221cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
link_selected            022218 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_move          022264 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_activate      0223e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_selected      02242c + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_get_box       022454 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_clear         0224b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
redraw_link              022500 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_clear_all     022598 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_redraw        0225c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_redraw_all    02260c + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frontend_view_get_dividers 022638 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
draw_frame_links         0226b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frameutils_iterate_all   022754 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_iterate       0227cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_iterate_post_all 022820 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_iterate_post  02289c + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_find_top      0228e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_check_resize  022910 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_resizable     0229c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
start_animating_spacer   022a44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
spacer_redrawfn          022b20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_resize_drag   022bbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_done_resize   022c78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_specifier_create 022ce4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frameutils_specifier_decode 022d58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
reload__view             022de4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
invalidate_view          022ed8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
reformat_view            022f30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
reload_view              022f58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
refetch_view             022f64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_name       022f70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_set_name   022f78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_parent     022fac + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_children   022fb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_next       022fbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_fetching   022fc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_displaying 022fcc + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
frontend_view_get_window 022fd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_frameset         022fdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_frame            023000 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_leaf             023050 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_toplevel         023074 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_iframe           023088 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_childless        023098 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_is_ancestor_of      0230ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
view_can_close_window    0230d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/frameutils.o
gbf_active               023128 + |C$$code| from object file objr/gbf.o
gbf_init                 023140 + |C$$code| from object file objr/gbf.o
highlight_boundary_build 023144 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_boundary_clear 023148 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
get_colour_text          02314c + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_render_outline 02318c + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
render_border            023294 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_update_border  0232b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
build_hl_win_box         023470 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_offset_border  0234dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
redraw_hl                023578 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_render         023658 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
draw_partial_box         023830 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
last_line_of_link        0238e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
highlight_draw_text_box  02392c + |C$$code| from object file objr/highlight.o
fe_empty_hist_item       023ba4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
fe_free_hist_item        023c04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_truncate         023c30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
find_entry               023c94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
fe_init_hist_item        023d04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_replace          023da0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_add              023df4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_item         023ed8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_url          023f38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_possible         023f60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_set_fetching_data 023f88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move             023fc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move_to          0240a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move_recent_index 024128 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_move_recent_steps 024150 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_dispose          0241a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_visit            0241f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
locate_item              0242ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
count_sections           024350 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
compare_specifiers       02437c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_write_scroll     024414 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_update_current_state 024464 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_update_title     0245b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_lookup_specifier 024618 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_restore_scroll   024670 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_test             0246d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
copy_history_info        02472c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_current_url_list 0247a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
history_get_next         0248f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history2.o
fragment_parse           024958 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
check_frag_list          0249bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global_free_item      024a04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global_remove_oldest  024a74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global__add           024ae4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_add       024cd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global__find_url      024d5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_find_url  024dec + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_init      024e40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_dispose   024e44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
fe_global_lookup_index   024e8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
browser_get_global_url_list 024eb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
browser_get_global_url_list_count 024f64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
browser_get_global_history 024f78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_move_alpha_index 024ffc + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_global_update_title 02503c + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_global.o
history_optimise         0250a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_optimise.o
fe_global_frag_optimise_list 0251a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_optimise.o
history_global_optimise  025218 + |C$$code| from object file objr/history_optimise.o
inside_rect              0252c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
inside_circle            02532c + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
inside_polygon           02535c + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_find_area       025534 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_find_map        025640 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
render_circle_border     0256d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_draw_area       02575c + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
imagemap_check_all_images 025ab0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemap.o
render_crosshair         025ab8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
crosshair_area           025b44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
change_step_speed        025be0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
check_move               025c4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_move           025cb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_get_pos        025dcc + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_render_overlay 025de8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_init           025df8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_find_center_area 025e1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_select_area    025f40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_get_box_area   02611c + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
imagemapr_key            026468 + |C$$code| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
image_alloc_minimal      026880 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_generate_update_for_image 026938 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_callback_for_uic_animation 02693c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_uic_animation_is_setup 026950 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_update_uic_frame   026958 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_set_suspend        026a28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_suspend_all_except 026a34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_kill_all_animations 026aa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animate_from_uic   026b00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
findsprite               026e7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
set_sprite_name          026ea4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_strdup             026ed4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_alloc              026f14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_flex_alloc         026f58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fetching_dec             026fd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fetching_inc             027008 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
free_pt                  02703c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
free_area                027074 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
free_data_area           0270a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fillin_scales            0270dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_put_bytes          027138 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_seek_fn            02728c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_rec_fn             027298 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_thread_start       027510 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_thread_process     0275b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_thread_end         0276f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
set_default_image        027714 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_set_error          027794 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_issue_callbacks    0277e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_progress2          027874 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_progress           027a8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_completed          027b2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_init               027d78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_tidyup             027dbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_uncache_info       027e38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_palette_change     027e94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_defer              027ed8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_fetch_next         027ef0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_type_test          028030 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
find_area_and_info       028070 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_find_icontype      028104 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_find               028340 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stream             02872c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stream_data        0288a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stream_end         028928 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_dispose_callbacks  028a30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_loose              028aac + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_dispose_image_for_uic 028c68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_trim_animation     028c88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_memory_panic       028d34 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_flush              028e94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_mark_to_flush      02903c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_flush_marked       029080 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_data_size          0290e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_file_info          029138 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_info_frame         02916c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_info               0292f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
im_gcf                   02946c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_reduce_scales      0294a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
fixup_scale              029560 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
check_scaling            0295ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_default_image      029644 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
cceil                    0297b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
build_mode_number        0297c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
get_mode_number          0297d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_size_needed        02985c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_get_sprite_ptr     0298d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_clear_mask         02994c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_clear_cache 0299c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_init_cache_sprite  0299d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_get_trans          029b80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
int_sqr                  029e3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
get_cached_image_size    029e84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_plot_to_cache      029ff0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_build_cache_tile_sprite 02a384 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image__render            02a4a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_drawfile_render    02a748 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_jpeg_render        02a824 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_sprite_render      02a90c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_render             02aa14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_tile               02aad4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_get_scales         02ae18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_os_to_pixels       02ae64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_ave_col_n          02af08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_average_colour     02b13c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_sprite_save_as_sprite 02b228 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_save_as_sprite     02b278 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_preferred_save_filetype 02b2c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_save_as_jpeg       02b2e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_need_mask 02b330 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_init_cache 02b394 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_render_frame 02b46c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_render_background 02b69c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_render   02b758 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_stop_animation     02b8a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_animation_alarm    02b8b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_startup_animation  02bb88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_suspend_animation  02bc7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
image_kill_animation     02bc8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/images.o
item_to_descriptor_index 02bc9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
selection_to_item        02bcd8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
descriptor_to_item       02bcf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
aref_union_box           02bd08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
directed_aref_box        02bd80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_item_onscreen         02be64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
tabindex_nohl            02be98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
match_item               02beac + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_flush_selection_list 02c0f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
item_tabindex            02c12c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
comp_descr               02c1cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
sort_selection_list      02c228 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_build_selection_list 02c240 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
link_scan_distances      02c3d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
selection_items_equal    02c524 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_highlight_scan_xy 02c578 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_highlight_scan_link 02c740 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
scan_links_2D            02c7f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
scan_links_linear        02c8c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
adjust_flag              02ca94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_update_item_highlight 02cae0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_text        02cc68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_object      02cc70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_select      02ccf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_input       02cd14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_item        02cd1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_highlight_label       02cdf4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_highlight_link_xy 02ce64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_highlight_link   02d210 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_update_link           02d21c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_update_link_activate 02d364 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_default_caret   02d42c + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_doc_cursor       02d480 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_doc_read_caret        02d554 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_item_has_caret        02d580 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_set_highlight    02d5ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_highlight_is_persistent 02d6b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_set_caret        02d6d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_update_focus     02d7a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_remove_highlight 02d814 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_read_highlight   02d8bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
backend_is_selected      02d904 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
match_image_area_accesskey 02d984 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
ak_highlight_input       02da08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
activate_first_form_element_in_stream 02da64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
activate_first_input_element_in_list 02dadc + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
document_match_accesskey 02db48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/keyhl.o
be_get_frame_size        02ddb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_build_frame_sizes 02de18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
fix_frame_sizes          02dfb0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_init              02e088 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
be_frame_layout_1        02e08c + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
set_spacing_flags_frame  02e634 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
set_spacing_flags        02e70c + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_layout            02e750 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_free_spacing_list 02ea08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_frame_resize      02ea48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout_render_bevels     02ebd4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout.o
layout__write_table      02ecc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout_describe.o
layout_write_table       02f018 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout_describe.o
browser_view_layout_describe 02f0a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/layout_describe.o
center_and_right_align_adjustments 02f0f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fmt_checkpoint           02f2bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
dispose_pos_list         02f3b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
new_pos_item             02f3e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
is_image_renderable      02f444 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
item_size_known          02f4a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
get_ubs_width            02f628 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
no_text_line             02f6b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
no_unbreakable           02f6cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
floating_item_fits       02f6e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
attach_float_at_end      02f6f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
position_floating_item   02f724 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
attach_new_floaters      02f89c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
create_new_text_line     02f984 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
excess_left_margin_due_to_floaters 02f9a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
excess_right_margin_due_to_floaters 02f9fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
left_float_margin        02fa5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
right_float_margin       02faa0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
set_margins_from_item    02fafc + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
set_text_margin_info     02fb94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
no_text_margin_info      02fc64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
one_word_override        02fc84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
unbreakable_sequence_fits 02fce8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
find_widest_info         02ff10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fracture_float_line      02fff8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fracture_copy_left       03009c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
fracture_copy_right      030144 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
consider_fracturing_float_line 0301ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
close_down_current_line  030338 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
line_has_other_than_nonbreak_scaff 030688 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
append_unbreakable_sequence 0306e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
deal_with_unbreakable_sequence 0307d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
ubs_only_nonbreak_scaff  03087c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
next_nonfloating_item    0308ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
next_floating_item       030940 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
perform_clearing         030998 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
formatting_start         030af8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
formatting_stop          030e8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
formatting_loop          031014 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_stream            0310b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_attach_header     031144 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_attach_stream     03114c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
stomp_table              03115c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
stomp_stream             0311d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
entry_fixes_table        031224 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
only_whitespace          03128c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
scaffold_check           0312c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
entry_fixes_stream       0313b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_precondition      031424 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
exit_fixes_table         03142c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
exit_fixes_stream        03148c + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
format_postcondition     0314d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/loformat.o
backend_panic            0314dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/mempanic.o
mm_error                 03156c + |C$$code| from object file objr/mempanic.o
object_defer_defers_to   0315d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/object.o
objects_type_test        03160c + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
objects_set_position     031694 + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
check_move               031868 + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
objects_check_movement   031924 + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
objects_resize           031944 + |C$$code| from object file objr/objects.o
obreak_get_sizes         031978 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
obreak_size              031a3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
opbreak_size             031a78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
obreak_redraw            031aa0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
obreak_astext            031ba8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obreak.o
roman_one_five_ten       031c08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
roman_numeral            031cbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
char_bullet              031da0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
write_symbol             031e08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_string           031e50 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
getbasefont              031fbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_size             031fc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_redraw           0320ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
obullet_astext           0321b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/obullet.o
oimage_size_alt_text     032238 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_size_image        0323ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_fetch_image       03257c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_flush_image       0326d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_render_text       032730 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_render_border     032814 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_decode_align      03294c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_handle_usemap     032a4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_renderable        032ae4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_size_allocate     032b8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_size              032d90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_highlight  032db4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_image      032e20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_border     032e98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw_imagemap   032ef0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_redraw            032f88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_dispose           033164 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_click             0331f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_astext            033400 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_get_size          033430 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_caret_blur        033464 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_caret_focus       03352c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_caret             033648 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_key               033718 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_image_handle      0337bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
oimage_update_highlight  033888 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oimage.o
get_value                033928 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_renderable       033980 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_size_allocate    033a2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_size             033ea0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_redraw           033ec8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_dispose          0342ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_get_size         034320 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_caret_frame      03438c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_caret_image      034420 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_caret            03450c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_key              034578 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_click            034644 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_image_handle     034804 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_astext           0348bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_asdraw           034910 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
oobject_position         034938 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oobject.o
button_text              034a28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
button_border_x          034a84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
button_border_y          034ab4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
text_displayable_width   034ae0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_image_renderable  034b18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
set_text_colours         034b8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
textpeercb               034c10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__ensure_textpeer  034d9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_size_allocate     034e64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_size              035564 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_redraw__button_colours 035578 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_redraw__button_plinth 0355d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_redraw            035694 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_dispose           035e40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
setradio                 035f14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__image_click      035fb4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__check_click      036160 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__radio_click      0361fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__submit_click     036290 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__button_click     0363b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput__reset_click      03643c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_click             03650c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_set_text          036668 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_set_value         0366f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_set_checkbox      03674c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_astext            0367a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_submit            03694c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_caret             036ad4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_key               036c88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_image_handle      036db0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_update_data       036edc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_update_highlight  036f5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_filedragged       037060 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
oinput_position          0370dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
obutton_redraw           0371bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
obutton_size             0371c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_button_size 0371c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_button_redraw 037278 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_button_bgcolour 0372dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oinput.o
object_defer_fieldset_redraw 03732c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ofieldset.o
oscaff_size              037388 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
oscaff_redraw            0373a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
oscaff_astext            0373ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
oscaff_asdraw            0373b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oscaff.o
set_colours              0373b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
selectpeercb             037508 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_writedata        03768c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_setselectedindex 037710 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_unsetselectedindex 037794 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_reset            0377d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect__resync_selectpeer 037808 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_size             037994 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_redraw           037a1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_dispose          037acc + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_set_option       037b00 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_delete_option    037d08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_get_num_options  037dd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_click            037de0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_astext           037e10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_caret            037e30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_update_highlight 037e78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_update_data      037f24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
oselect_position         037f94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/oselect.o
ospacer_size             037ff8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ospacer.o
ospacer_redraw           03805c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ospacer.o
otable_size              038060 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
table_first_visible_cell 038064 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otable_redraw            038120 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otable_dispose           038b1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otable_click             038c48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otable_astext            038ca4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otable.o
otext_size               038d5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
draw_line                038ea0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext__decorations       038f24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext_redraw             039054 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext_astext             039420 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otext_update_highlight   039470 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otext.o
otextarea_set_style      039500 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
useable_columns          039614 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
set_colours              03965c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_cb             0396e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_size           039874 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_redraw         039a5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_dispose        039b64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_click          039b70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_astext         039b78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_caret          039b94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_key            039bf8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_filedragged    039c18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_set_text       039c20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_get_text       039c38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_update_highlight 039c4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_reset          039c94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
otextarea_position       039cdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/otextarea.o
reformat_doc             039d74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
save_document_characteristics 039e54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
restore_document_characteristics 039eac + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
prepare_document_for_printing 039f04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_old_render_page      039f8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_free_pages           03a070 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_paginate             03a0c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_check_pages          03a1e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_start_job            03a218 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_end_job              03a4fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_render_page          03a5d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_print_embedded_document 03a820 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_print_document       03a904 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_init                 03aa90 + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
awp_abort                03aa9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/printing.o
profile_init             03aae0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/profile.o
profile_report           03aae4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/profile.o
draw_cornerBR            03aae8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
draw_cornerLT            03ab8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_plinth            03ac30 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_plinth_full       03ac94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_plinth_from_list  03ae14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_get_colour        03aea8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_set_colour        03b118 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_set_font_colours  03b140 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render__text_link_colour 03b188 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_link_colour       03b25c + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_text_link_colour  03b2b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_background        03b2bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_caret_colour      03b330 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_text              03b3c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_text_full         03b408 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_background_image  03b464 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
render_background_css    03b600 + |C$$code| from object file objr/render.o
rid_get_clearing         03b7f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_floating         03b810 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_webfont          03b83c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_old_webfont      03b9d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_frame           03bb18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_area            03bb9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_map             03bbe0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_pos_term        03bc28 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_pos             03bd24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_pos_tree        03bda8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_object          03be80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_text            03bf24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_extra_images    03bfdc + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_aref            03c074 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_select_options  03c0e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_fieldset        03c130 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_form_elements   03c15c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_form            03c278 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_table_props     03c314 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_colgroup        03c364 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_colhdr          03c3a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_rowgroup        03c3ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_rowhdr          03c430 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_caption         03c474 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free_table           03c4c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_free                 03c830 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_frame_connect        03c8dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_area_item_connect    03c900 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_scaff_item_push      03c920 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_spacer_item_push     03c99c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_consider_text_indent 03ca10 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_item_should_highlight 03ca44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_text_item_should_highlight 03ca74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_get_pseudo_class     03caac + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_text_item_connect    03cb84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_pos_item_connect     03cbe0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_item_connect    03cc0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_image_item_connect   03cc48 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_extra_image_connect  03cc74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_form_item_connect    03cc84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_form_element_connect 03ccc0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_option_item_connect  03cda8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_outermost_item       03cdec + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_if_table 03ce38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_first_in_caption 03ce58 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_first_in_table 03ce88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_items_parent 03ce8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_after_table 03cee8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse_cell_after 03cf0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_parent_prev 03cf78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_tables_caption 03cfcc + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_cell_before 03d014 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse_if_table 03d0a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback                 03d0cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanfwd_recurse          03d188 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
scanback_recurse         03d1b8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_scan                 03d1f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_zero_widest_height_from_item 03d2e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_zero_widest_height   03d380 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_clone_pos_list       03d39c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_get_document    03d45c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_aref_get_links_index 03d47c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_image_get_index      03d4d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_doc_eventhandlers_init 03d500 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_doc_eventhandlers_free 03d51c + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_image_eventhandlers_init 03d560 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_image_eventhandlers_free 03d584 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_link_eventhandlers_init 03d5d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
rid_link_eventhandlers_free 03d5f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
foreach_rid_props        03d644 + |C$$code| from object file objr/rid.o
stream_table_locate_item 03d850 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_find_item_at_location 03da7c + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_find_item_location 03dd9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_render_textitem_bg 03dfd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_render            03e120 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_iterate_box       03e734 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
stream_write_as_text     03e928 + |C$$code| from object file objr/stream.o
be_ensure_buffer_space   03ea64 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
submit_fn                03eac0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
append_encoded_n         03eb4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
append_encoded           03ebf0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
append_ascii             03ec40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_encoded_n          03ec8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_encoded            03ed24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_char               03ed6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
otextarea_write          03edd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_append_query    03ee60 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_append_textarea 03eee4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_mime_separator1    03ef6c + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_mime_separator     03f124 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_write_query     03f1cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_write_textarea  03f2c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
write_file               03f3a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
backend_submit_form      03f4d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
get_x_image_name         03f548 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
submit_image_write       03f5a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
submit_image_append      03f6a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_submit_form     03f778 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
document_submit_form_extended 03f780 + |C$$code| from object file objr/submit.o
table_ensure_arraysize   040060 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
table_caption_stream_origin 0400ac + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
table_cell_stream_origin 040100 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
rid_next_root_cell       0401c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
rid_prev_root_cell       04023c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
floating_table_format_alert_begin 0402b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
floating_table_format_alert_finish 0402c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
parse_table_props        0402f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
replicate_tabprops       040540 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
copy_table_properties    0405c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
set_column_flags         0406c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_colhdr           0406f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_colgroup         040748 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_rowgroup         0407a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
copy_colhdr_tabprops     0407f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_retro_col            040864 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
add_new_row              040a14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
do_tfoot_swapping        040c98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_col_fixed          040e74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_col_growing        040ef0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
restrain_rowspan_cells   041028 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
tidy_table               0410c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
rid_get_tabprop          0410c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
find_empty_cell_this_line 041398 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
find_empty_cell          04143c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttable               0414dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtable              041b40 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcaption             041cd0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishcaption            041e54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcolgroupsection     041ebc + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishcolgroupsection    041f08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcolgroup            041fcc + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishcolgroup           042160 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startcol                 0422b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_headfootbody       04258c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startthead               042680 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttfoot               0426dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttbody               042744 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishthead              0427a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtfoot              0427d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtbody              042844 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttr                  042874 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtr                 0429d8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
pre_thtd_warning         0429dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
handle_table_inheritance 042a3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
start_tdth               042b08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
starttd                  0432f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
startth                  0432fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
strip_trailing_stuff     043300 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finish_thtd              043334 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishth                 0433f4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
finishtd                 0433f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/tables.o
url_leaf_name            0433fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_host_name            0435c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_chars         043660 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_url           043720 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
issafe                   0437c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_cat           04382c + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_cat_n         043834 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_to_flexfile_n 043924 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_escape_to_flexfile   0439c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unescape_cat_n       0439d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unescape_cat         043b18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unescape             043b3c + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_sanitise             043b88 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url__unicode_fixup       043d9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_fixup        043e98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_fixup_needed 043ea8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_fixup_and_escape 043eb8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
reencode_fn              043ec0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
url_unicode_reencode     043f38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/url.o
ua_expand                044000 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_ua_name           0440a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_version           0440bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_version_init      0440d0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
fresco_set_client_version 0440f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/version.o
plugin_check_valid       04410c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_add_valid         04414c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_remove_valid      044190 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_check_valid       044200 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_destroy_by_plugin 044240 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_add_valid         044284 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_remove_valid      0442cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
ANT_to_RISC_OS_reason    044340 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_accept_filetype   044368 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
static_riscos_start_task 04443c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
static_riscos_plugin_start_task 044550 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
static_riscos_message_send 0445c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
write_padding            0445f8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_message      044638 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
convert_valuetype        044690 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
put_string_fn            0446dc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
count_string_fn          044704 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
put_string               044718 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
count_string             04476c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_record 0447d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_numeric 04490c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_string 0449bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_url 0449ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
fillin_stream            044a18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
get_ro_win_from_doc      044a68 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_open         044a8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_reshape      044ba4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_close        044c9c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_focus        044d1c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_action       044d94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_abort        044e08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
send_new_stream_alarm    044e74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_new   044ed8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_destroy 044f78 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
stream_completed_notification 04500c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_write 0450d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_send_stream_as_file 045148 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_stream_terminate  0451cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_write_parameter_file 0453c0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
remove_parameter_file    0456c8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_new               045710 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_helper            045858 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
dataopen_new             0459a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_destroy           045a24 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_get_info          045ac4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_opening_handler 045b54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_access_url_handler 045d94 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_closed_handler 045fc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_new_handler 04603c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_destroy_handler 046100 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_write_handler 04614c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_stream_written_handler 04617c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_reshape_request_handler 046240 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_unlock_handler 04629c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_status_handler 0462cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_focus_handler 046340 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_message_busy_handler 046388 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_EACK_open_handler 046418 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_EACK_new_stream_handler 046558 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_data_open_bounce  0465a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
plugin_EACK_handler      04664c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_register_mime_type 046794 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_new        04679c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_helper_new 046888 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_destroy    04698c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_open       0469e0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_close      0469e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_reshape    046a14 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_focus      046a38 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_action     046a5c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_abort      046a80 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_get_info   046aa4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_is_there_enough_memory 046aac + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_new 046b44 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_destroy 046dbc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_write_ready 046e4c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_plugin_stream_write 046e98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
register_mimetypes_against_var 046fc8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
register_pace_plugin_mimetypes 04712c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
register_pace_plugin_protocol 0471a4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
deregister_pace_plugin_protocol 047380 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
ridprops_trace_use       0474fc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops__free           047538 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_trace_free_unused 04757c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_trace_release   04758c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_duplicate       0475a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_inherit         047678 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_clear_inherited 0477b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_partial_inherit 047860 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_restructure     047da4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_identical       048314 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops__recycle        048518 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_font_size        048580 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_font_size_px     0485c4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_font_style       048698 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_props_lookup_typefaces 0486ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_fixed_to_font    048768 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_bold_to_font     0487bc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_weight_to_font   0487f0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_style_to_font    048828 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_add_decoration_to_font 048868 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_dir              048980 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_dir_rtl     0489b4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_floating         0489cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_clearing         048a20 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_halign           048a74 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_std_align        048ac8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_valign      048b18 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_get_valign      048b70 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_indent      048b8c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_get_lheight     048c0c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_colourno         048c84 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_bgcolour         048d08 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_clear_fg_colour      048d98 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_fg_colour        048db4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_bg_colour        048ddc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_bg_image         048e54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_link_colour      048edc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_vlink_colour     048f04 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_alink_colour     048f2c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_font_family      048f54 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_bump_current_lmargin 048fc4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_lmargin          04901c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_lmargin          04906c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_bump_current_rmargin 049094 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_rmargin          0490ec + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_rmargin          049140 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_get_halign           049154 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_set_lang             049170 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_lang_num    0491cc + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_bullet      0491e4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
ridprops_set_inside_bullet 04921c + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
rid_metric_to_VALUE      049254 + |C$$code| from object file objr/ridprops.o
escape_handler           049290 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
handler                  0492a0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
signal_init              049344 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
memory_initialise        049448 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
layers_ro_task_handle    049540 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
tb_initialise            049558 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
ro_message_closedown_handler 0496b0 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
register_event_handlers  0496d4 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
task__active             0496e8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
task__inactive           049700 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
ro_event_loop            049718 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
ro_event_poll_oneshot    0498a8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
layers_ro_events_disabled 049918 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
check_tidyup             049938 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
init                     049988 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
main                     049ae8 + |C$$code| from object file objr/main.o
$d                       049b90 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
C$$code                  049b90 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$a                       049b94 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__main                   049b94 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$d                       049be8 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
dialogue_initialise      049c10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_destroy         049cb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_get_class_names 049cbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_OK              049d14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_OK_full         049d5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_YESNO           049f54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_YESNO_default   049f98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_YESNO_full      049fe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_get_text        04a260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_get_text_full   04a2a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
username_password_alarm  04a4fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_password   04a568 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_password_full 04a5b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_name_and_password 04a844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_user_name_and_password_full 04a894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_abort_password 04aa94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_error           04aa98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
dialogue_error_full      04aadc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_error_write_flex 04ad84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_alert_write_flex 04af84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_okcancel_write_flex 04b0e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_password_write_flex 04b25c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_prompt_write_flex 04b40c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_clear_modal  04b5b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_error 04b5f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_alert 04b618 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_okcancel 04b640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_prompt 04b6a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_dialogue_decode_password 04b738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_browser_open          04b7ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_mouse_click_handler   04b85c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_url_sysvars    04b894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_tb_num_windows_changed 04b9e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_tb_view_state_changed 04baf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
statusline_delay_callback 04bbf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_statusline            04bc10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_update_tb_cmd_avail_changed 04bcc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_set_border_colour     04bd58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_error                 04bdb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_focus                 04bdc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_key                   04be8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_url                   04be98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_finished              04be9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_started               04bf74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_failed                04c024 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_mouse_click           04c0c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_scheme                04c0dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_security_fn           04c104 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_progress              04c19c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_dispose               04c26c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_updateview            04c2a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_pluginaction          04c474 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_layers_notify         04c4c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
layers_client2           04c578 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
layers_client            04c658 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
layers_endclient         04c810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
frontend_memory_panic    04c878 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_find_target           04c880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_dispose_view          04c89c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_clear_modal_view      04c8d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_find_topmost_nonfe    04c91c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils__iterate   04ca04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils_iterate    04caa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils_iterate_all 04cab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_frameutils_find_top   04cac8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe__eventcall_all_views  04cb14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_eventcall_all_views   04cb38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe__popup_open           04cb60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_popup_open            04cba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_get_selected_link_url 04cbdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_is_special_window     04cc8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_how_many_windows      04cd24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_report_error          04cd78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_complain_error        04cda8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_report_errnumber      04ce18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_complain_errnumber    04ce5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_create_frontend_error 04ce9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_bgsound_set           04cec0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_beeps_set             04cf60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
lookup_scale_index       04cfe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_font_size_set_possible 04d044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_font_size             04d080 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_font_size_refresh     04d124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_scaling_set_refresh   04d190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_do_refresh_actions    04d1d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_scaling_set           04d22c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_read_nvram            04d2c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
is_a_tv                  04d570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_set_pointer_position  04d634 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_coords_box_toscreen   04d670 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_find_view_from_ro_win 04d674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_start_task            04d6dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_handle_modechange     04d848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_show_file             04d8ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_file_to_url           04d988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
extract_value_multi      04daa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_utils_js_escape       04dbdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_utils_url_escape      04dc50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_resource_get          04dca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_increment_pluginfetch_count 04dd7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_decrement_pluginfetch_count 04ddc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
fe_substitute_flex_printf 04de08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_brake_string_append 04e0e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_substitute 04e2fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
accumulate_from_array    04e474 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_loopsubs 04e54c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
fe_substitute_flex_fsubstitutex 04e7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
key_lookup               04ea40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_key_lookup            04ea9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_list_add         04ead8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_list_write       04ec00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_list_clear       04ed5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_key_handler           04ed9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
fe_keys_update_backend_maps 04effc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
find_bar_from_number     04f198 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
find_bar_from_type       04f1d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
find_bar_from_name       04f270 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_image_set        04f2d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_image_reset      04f3b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_image_next       04f3e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
thumper_callback         04f46c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
setfocus                 04f4a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
givefocustobrowser       04f4ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
have_caret               04f56c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_set_highlight     04f5a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_window_has_ptr        04f648 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
get_highlighted          04f6e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_toolboxevent_handler  04f78c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_wimpkey_handler       04f7f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_mouseclick_handler    04f8d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_ptrenter_handler      04f94c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_ptrleave_handler      04f9e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_windowopen_handler    04fa54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
count_bars               04faf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
compare_info             04fb20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_create            04fb30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
delete_bar               04fc30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_calculate_size    04fc98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_descriptor 04fd8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_descriptor_maintain_focus 04ff00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_status_show           050038 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_status_hide           0503c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm          0504f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
toolbox_alarm_component_iterator 05057c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_override_change 0505ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_set_state 050640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_set_field_perpetual 050704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
important_nonfade_component 0507b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_all_components_faded 050808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
toolbox_alarm_component_iterator_with_set 0508b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_recall_all 050938 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
component_alarm_set_perpetuals 050a08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_set_field 050b1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_active_without_check 050bc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
swap_bar_list_for_next   050e1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
pass_the_hidden_flag_up_stack 050f50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_add               050fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_list_write        05106c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_name              051168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_name_list_write   0511c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bars_init             0512b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bars_delete           0513c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_show              0514b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_show_resized      051554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_hide              0515a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_thumper_running   051674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_is_bar_showing        051768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_mouse_moved           051784 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_animation_with_toolbar 0517bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_is_thumper_running    051890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_thumper_tick          0518c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_active  051904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_set_component_field_perpetual 051988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_move_highlight        0519dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_get_highlighted_action 051c74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_get_highlight_position 051cf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_get_indexed_action    051dc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_has_highlight     051ebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_height            051f14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_bar_window_handle     051f5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_allow_cycle_codec     051f80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_return_current_tb_type 051fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar_by_descriptor 051fd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar        05208c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar_by_type 0520ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_change_toolbar_by_identifier 0520cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_name  0520ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_type  052124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_push_toolbar_by_identifier 05215c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar          05218c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_name  0521b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_type  0521e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_identifier 052218 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_pull_toolbar_by_unique_identifier 0522c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
restore_key              052758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
restore_toolbar          05275c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
restore_toolbar_name     052760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
persist_key              052764 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
persist_toolbar          05276c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
persist_toolbar_name     052774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
fe_goto_url_match_url    05278c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_match_last_items 0527c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_add          05280c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_init         0528d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_shutdown     0528d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_write_item   052910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_write_flex   052980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
fe_goto_url_optimise     052a04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
get_hotlist_category_count 052a9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
get_cat_by_num           052ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
title_or_url             052aec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
get_format               052b10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__compare_alpha   052b18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__find_with_context 052b50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__free_item       052c54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__free            052c90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__unlink          052cf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__unlink_and_free 052d40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_sanitycheck_title 052d84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__add_bycat       052dc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__remove          052f08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__remove_oldest   052fb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__trim_length     05302c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__sort            053064 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__flush_pending_delete 053144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__read_categories 0531b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_install_categories 053260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__read_header     053394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__read            053508 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_categories 0536cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_header    053734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write           0537ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_write_nvram_fn   0538d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_read_nvram_fn    053a7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__changed_message 053d14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_item      053d5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_cat       053e54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist__write_item_bycat 053f34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_read             053fe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_write            0540d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_add_bycat        05419c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_remove           0542a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_flush_pending_delete 054310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_write_flex       054368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_getcats_write_flex 054450 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_namecats_write_flex 0546b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_namefav_write_flex 05472c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_remove_list      0547f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_rename_category  054848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_rename_favourite 0548b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_update_access_time 054964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_optimise         0549b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_init             054a8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_shutdown         054b10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_add_alarm_call 054b14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_look_behind   054b64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_get_bookmark_url 054ba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_add           054cbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_fav_move      054f20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_fav_rename    05503c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fe_hotlist_remove        055148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
re_read_config           055284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
re_read_config_data      055348 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
write_config_data        055350 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_user_unload           055358 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_user_load             055384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_punt_scheme   05538c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
modify_open_url_flags_for_dbox 0554d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
load_stbweb_returned_frames 055524 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_punt_scheme_EACK 055678 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_uriprocess_handler 0559cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_openurl_handler 055af8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_ncfresco_handler 055ce4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_dataopen_handler 055d78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_datasave_handler 055df8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_dataload_handler 055ec4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_messageack_handler    055f94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_handle_service_diallerstatus 056004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_handle_service_smartcard 056008 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_handle_service_standby 056058 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_message_service_handler 056098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_messages_register_riscos_handlers 0560f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
fe_messages_deregister_riscos_handlers 056240 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
decode_string            056350 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
get_safe_box             0563ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_transient_set_size    056458 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
decode_position_string   056790 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
decode_position          056880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
meta_ensured_toolbar_dying 056a1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
meta_dispose_of_document 056aa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
meta_dispose_of_view     056af4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_action_visit     056bb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_action_finished  056ca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
invalidate_tb_showness   0570bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_invalidate_tb_showness 0570ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_positioned_view_possible 05714c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_decode_ncbrowsermode 0571c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
fe_meta_dispose          0572e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
recording_start          05732c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
recording_pause          057374 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
recording_stop           057388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
send_action              0573cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_plugin_changed_state 05741c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_event_handler      0574e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
pushed_toolbar_dying     057694 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_register_plugin    0576e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
codec_deregister_plugin  057858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
fe_internal_reload_target 0578f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_kill_extras  057974 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_check_popups_full 057994 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
get_source_view          057a88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_toggle_panel 057b28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_toggle_panel_args 057b54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
should_we_display_url    057d54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
get_encoding_name        057dec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_reload       057e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_openurl_nonfe 057e48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_openurl_only 057ea0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_openurl_sourced 057fa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_cleanup      058098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
cmpPathToFnBlock         0581e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_new          0581f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_abort        05843c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_free         058440 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_cacheable    058444 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_check_homing 058468 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_event           058518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_back     058558 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_cancel   0585e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_close    05860c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_crash    058640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_current  058648 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_dboxremove 058700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_error    058708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_forward  0587d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_home        058820 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_hotlist     0588cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_loadurl     0588e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_related  058a60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpage    058bbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_opentoolbar 058d84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_printpage 058de0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_printfinal 058e28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_select   058e70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_sendurl     058f18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_action_submit   059008 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
cmpPanelToFnBlock        059194 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_urls_init    05919c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel   0591d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_process  059344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favourites 0593f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favs 059584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favsdelete 059594 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favsswitch 0595a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_catlist 059628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favscats 0596c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favmove 0596cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_catrename 0596d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_favrename 059770 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_help 059854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_history 059890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_historyalpha 059a78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_historyrecent 059a88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_historyswitch 059a98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_info 059b14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_error 05a1b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_alert 05a260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_okcancel 05a2ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_prompt 05a378 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_password 05a404 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_memdump 05a4a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_message 05a8b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_printframes 05aa18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_printoptions 05aacc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_related 05ab6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_url_openpanel_url 05accc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist  05afe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_storefav 05b06c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_move 05b16c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_cats 05b1ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_hotlist_delete 05b1f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_catrename 05b2ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_favrename 05b3e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_history_alpha 05b474 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_history_recent 05b53c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_history_switch 05b5b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_error    05b644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_alert    05b670 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_okcancel 05b69c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_prompt   05b6cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_password 05b6fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_print_frames 05b72c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
internal_decode_print_options 05b790 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
oskfep_callback          05b7d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_shutdown          05b9fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_initialise        05ba08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_is_osk_showing        05ba88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_refocus           05ba9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_refocus_alarm     05bb68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_closed_state      05bb9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe__osk_close            05bbd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_close             05bcf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_hide_alarm        05bd18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe__osk_open             05bd24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_closed_handler    05bfd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_openrequest_bounce 05c004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_open_bounce       05c0cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_openresponse_handler 05c0d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_windowsize_handler 05c138 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_reopen            05c1c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_open              05c208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_osk_toggle            05c2ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
fe_pelican_view_create   05c2fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican.o)
fe_pelican_view_destroy  05c340 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican.o)
event_alarm              05c384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_on_idle_poll    05c3f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
global_event_handler     05c474 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
toggle_event_handler     05c6d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
history_event_handler    05c76c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
hotlist_event_handler    05c9e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_reload          05cbc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_stop            05cc0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
misc_event_handler       05cc54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
scroll_event_handler     05cf44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
allow_nextprevkill_window 05d044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
highlight_event_handler  05d06c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
focus_event_handler      05d218 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
open_event_handler       05d268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
toolbar_event_handler    05d338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
url_event_handler        05d634 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
disable_doc_ecma         05d718 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
frame_event_handler      05d73c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe_event_handler         05d814 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_events.o)
fe__print                05d8f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_possible        05db20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printfinal      05db84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print                 05dca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
checked                  05df04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe__print_frames         05df1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printframes_write_flex 05e0c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printoptions_write_flex 05e1cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_decode_printoptions 05e3b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_decode_printframes 05e68c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_print_printpage       05e7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
fe_history_write_time_string 05e8a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_a_write_item 05ea00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_t_write_item 05eae0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_recent_write_item 05ebb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_recent_write_list 05ecd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_write_list 05edb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
list_insertsort_add      05eee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
delete_helper            05ef78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_free_history_list 05efac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_comparator    05efbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
fe_history_global_get_timesorted_list 05efd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
html_feed_characters     05f06c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
core_HTMLToRiscos        05f1ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
SGML_new                 05f25c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
create_new_html          05f3e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_some_file          05f42c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_html_file          05f564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_new          05f570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_data         05f598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_rh           05f640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
html_free_context        05f648 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
close_actions            05f684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_html_close        05f6d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_new          05f704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_data         05f780 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_rh           05f818 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_text_close        05f820 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_text_file          05f84c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_close       05f858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_rh          05f900 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_data        05f90c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
pparse_image_new         05f9e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_gif_file           05fa6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
parse_frames             05fac0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
select_pre_mode          05faf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
select_fmt_mode          05fb3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
select_str_mode          05fb84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
select_last_mode         05fbd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
get_lang_num             05fc30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
rid_set_wideness         05fc60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
string_lang_name_to_num  05fc80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
set_rh_encoding          05fcc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
htmlriscos_colour        05fd34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_word      05fd64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_revoke_break   05feb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_form_item            05ff00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
decode_img_align         060098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_image     060178 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_aref_item            060508 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_option_item          060790 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_map_item             0607f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
parse_coords_list        06085c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
new_area_item            0608fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_select    060af0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_textarea  060cd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
push_fake_search_form    06102c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_break     0610f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_ensure_linebreak 0611ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_ensure_break   06121c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_hr        0612d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_bullet    061428 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
text_item_push_scaffold  061540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
pseudo_html_fixed        061584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
pseudo_html              0615e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
bridge__get_attr         061640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_do_cascade    061654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_start_context 061714 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_finish_context 061820 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__get_valid_mapped_element 061880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__set_props_flags  061914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__property_mask    061994 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__do_cascade       0619b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
convert_metric_units     0619fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_font_info  061a78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_colour_info 062008 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_background_info 062138 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_content_info 0623f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_list_info  0627d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
adjusted_margin_value    062890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__write_box_info   0628f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
dclip                    062a5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
bridge__property_to_metric 062a84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_lookup_font_family 062b70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css_bridge_fix_pseudo_classes 062d04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
append_new               062d2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
deliver_nop              062d7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_word         062d90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_space        062e30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_pre_open_markup 062ee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_pre_close_markup 062ffc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_post_open_markup 0630fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_post_close_markup 063174 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_sgml         06326c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
deliver_unexpected       063310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
fmt_deliver_eos          06342c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_word         06347c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_pre_open_markup 0635fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_eol          063650 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
pre_deliver_eos          0636e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
str_deliver_word         063744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
str_deliver_sgml         06376c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
my_sgml_pre_open         063790 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
sgml_deliver             0637a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
sgml_do_parser_fixups    064164 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
starthtml                064168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
starthead                0641bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startartbody             0641fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbody                064238 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
starta                   0644a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startimage               0645f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startimg                 0645fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startfont                064680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbr_nonclearing      06480c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbr_clearing         064834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbr                  0648fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startmap                 064924 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startnobr                064974 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishnobr               0649a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startwbr                 0649e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishartbody            064a1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finisha                  064a20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadoption           064a9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadoption          064aa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadli               064aa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadli              064aa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbaddt               064aac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbaddt              064ab0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbaddd               064ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbaddd              064ab8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadcaption          064abc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadcaption         064ac0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadcol              064ac4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadcolgroup         064ac8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadcolgroup        064acc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadtd               064ad0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadtd              064ad4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadth               064ad8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadth              064adc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startbadtr               064ae0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
finishbadtr              064ae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(special.o)
startsgml                064ae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startxmp                 064aec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startabbr                064af0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startacronym             064b3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startaddress             064b88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startnoscript            064be0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishnoscript           064c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishabbr               064c98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishacronym            064c9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishaddress            064ca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startlisting             064ca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startp                   064ca8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startplaintext           064d18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startq                   064d1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startins                 064dec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
startdel                 064e80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcenter             064f14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcentre             064f18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcite               064f1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishcode               064f20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdd                 064f24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdfn                064f28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdir                064f2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdt                 064f30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishem                 064f34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishfont               064f38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishhead               064f3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishhtml               064f40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishi                  064f44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishkbd                064f48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishli                 064f4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishlisting            064f50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishmap                064f54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishmenu               064f58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishp                  064f5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishplaintext          064f60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishq                  064f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishins                064fac + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdel                064fb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishs                  064fb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsamp               064fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishscript             064fbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishstrong             0650b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsub                0650b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsup                0650b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishtt                 0650bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishu                  0650c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishvar                0650c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishbig                0650c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishdiv                0650cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishsmall              0650d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishstrike             0650d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishstyle              0650d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
finishxmp                0651a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(misc.o)
mimetype_to_filetype     0651a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
extension_to_filetype    0651e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
make_base_object         06527c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
setup_text_object        065438 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_to_object            065498 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
unstack_object           0655cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add__param               0655dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_param                065634 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_param1               0656b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
add_param2               065704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
applet_deliver           065784 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startapplet              065908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishapplet             065b28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
object_deliver           065b74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startobject              065d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishobject             065ed0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startembed               065f1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startbgsound             0662e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
noembed_deliver          066400 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startnoembed             066510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishnoembed            06655c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startparam               066560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startbadparam            0665b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
iframe_deliver           066608 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
startiframe              066718 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
finishiframe             0668d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(objparse.o)
munge_frameset_list      066914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startframe               066a10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startframeset            066b78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
finishframeset           066e34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startarea                066e98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
noframes_deliver         066f08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startnoframes            06701c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
finishnoframes           0670bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startnoframe             0670c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
finishnoframe            0670c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(frames.o)
startbdo                 0670c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
finishbdo                067108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startb                   06710c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
finishb                  067154 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startbasefont            067158 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starttt                  06728c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starti                   0672d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startu                   067320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starts                   067370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startstrike              0673c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
adjust_font              067410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startsub                 067504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startsup                 067560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startbig                 0675bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
startsmall               06760c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(fonts.o)
starttitle               06765c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
finishtitle              0676a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startisindex             06777c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
finishisindex            067818 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startbase                06781c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startstyle               067894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startscript              0678ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startmeta                067bd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
startlink                067ec8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
starthr                  067ff8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startblockquote          068038 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishblockquote         0680a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startdiv                 0680a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startcenter              068110 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startcentre              06815c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startpre                 0681a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishpre                0681fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starthN                  068224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth1                  0682d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth2                  0682dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth3                  0682e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth4                  0682ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth5                  0682f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth6                  0682fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
starth7                  068304 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishhN                 06830c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh1                 068310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh2                 068314 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh3                 068318 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh4                 06831c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh5                 068320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh6                 068324 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
finishh7                 068328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(block.o)
startform                06832c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishform               0683b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
make_eventhandlers       0683c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
input_make_data          068490 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
input_init_base          0684f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
input_button_attrs       0685dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startinput               068860 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startselect              068b68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishselect             068c2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startoption              068cfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishoption             068da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startoptgroup            068e30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishoptgroup           068ef4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
starttextarea            068fa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishtextarea           06906c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startlabel               0690c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
is_form_item             069190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishlabel              0691b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startfieldset            0692e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishfieldset           069514 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startlegend              069528 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishlegend             0695c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startbutton              0695f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
finishbutton             069864 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(forms.o)
startem                  069884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startstrong              0698d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startdfn                 069918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startcode                069960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startsamp                0699a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startkbd                 0699f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startvar                 069a38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startcite                069a84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
startspan                069ad0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
finishspan               069b2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(phrase.o)
decode_ol_type           069b30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
decode_ul_type           069bc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startol                  069c28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
finishol                 069d40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startul                  069dd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
finishul                 069eec + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startmenu                069f84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdir                 069fe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdl                  06a044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
finishdl                 06a110 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startli                  06a1a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdd                  06a2b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
startdt                  06a33c + |C$$code| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
nullfree                 06a384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strnicmpu                06a3b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strcmpu                  06a440 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strncmpu                 06a484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
stringdup                06a4dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
valuestringdup           06a52c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
mkstring                 06a55c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
mkstring0                06a5c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
mkstringu                06a64c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
stringcat                06a754 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_add               06a7d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_terminate         06a878 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_control     06a92c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
strip_char               06a98c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_start       06a9c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_end         06aa28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_strip_space       06aa88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustring_strip_start      06aac4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustring_strip_end        06ab30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustring_strip_space      06ab98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_squash_space      06abd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_count_tokens      06ac7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_free              06ace8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
string_list_free         06ad10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
count_positions          06ad4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
get_tab_expanded_string  06adcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
set_char_decode          06af50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
sgml_support_initialise  06af8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_whitespace            06b050 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_element_start_character 06b07c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_element_body_character 06b0a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
is_entity_character      06b0d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
element_search_fn        06b100 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
find_element             06b164 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
find_attribute           06b268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
reset_lexer_state        06b3dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
clear_inhand             06b408 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
reset_tokeniser_state    06b44c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
free_buffer              06b48c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_to_ubuffer           06b4bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_to_buffer            06b534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_to_prechop_buffer    06b5b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
add_char_to_inhand       06b5c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
push_inhand              06b5d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
push_bar_last_inhand     06b620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustrtol                  06b690 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
ustrnearly               06b738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
report_start             06b830 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
report_finish            06b834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
generic_start            06b838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
generic_finish           06b83c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
base_url_join_string     06b840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(genproc.o)
rid_dump_stack           06b8cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
stack_new_props          06b8d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
ridprops_need_another    06b920 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
stack_clear_props        06b950 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
clear_stack_item         06b9e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
stack_new_cleared_item   06ba4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
clear_stack              06ba7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
sgml_free_stack          06bb14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
push_stack               06bb78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pop_stack                06bd58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
find_element_in_stack    06be14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pack_fn                  06be40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
unpack_fn                06be64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
set_effects_fn           06be78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
set_effects_wf_flag_fn   06beb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
apply_effects            06bf28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
apply_effects_without    06bfb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
restore_elements_open    06c018 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pull_stack_item_to_top   06c0e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
pull_stack_item_to_top_correcting_effects 06c160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_bit_clear        06c1c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_bit_set          06c1e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_clear_bit        06c204 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_set_bit          06c224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
element_bitset_or        06c244 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elemstack.o)
sgml_handle_char         06c274 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_set_encoding        06c2e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_feed_characters_ascii 06c344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_feed_characters_utf8 06c3c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_feed_characters     06c4b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_stream_finished     06c5b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_free_report         06c724 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_free_context        06c760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_new_context         06c7d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_recursion_warning_pre 06c854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_recursion_warning_post 06c858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_install_deliver     06c85c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_remove_deliver      06c8a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
sgml_unwind_deliver      06c8bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(sgmlparser.o)
eol_sm                   06c8fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
decode_ctype             06c960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_fmt_word_chopper    06c9bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_pre_word_chopper    06cd40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_str_word_chopper    06d048 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
sgml_reset_chopper_state 06d114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(chopper.o)
state_stuck_text         06d130 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_some_sgml_command  06d180 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_close 06d194 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_2 06d1c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_2_0 06d1f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_1 06d228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_wait_dash_1_0 06d25c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_pre_initial 06d288 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_comment_maybe      06d2b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_unquoted_attribute_value 06d2e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_postquote_attribute_value 06d344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_quoted_attribute_value 06d3cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_attribute_value 06d3f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_attribute_equals 06d480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_attribute_name  06d50c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_quoted_attribute_name 06d584 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_attribute_name 06d5bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_in_element_name    06d640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_had_markup_open_slash 06d6b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_had_markup_open    06d6d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_find_entity        06d764 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_find_element_body 06d7e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_find_element   06d8b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_find_slash     06d90c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_comment_dash_dash 06d934 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_comment_dash   06d960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_comment        06d980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_maybe_comment2 06d99c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_maybe_comment1 06d9c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_had_markup_open 06d9f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_script             06da28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_style              06da6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_end_tag_only       06dab0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_markup_only        06db10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
state_all_tags           06db98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
get_state_proc           06dbe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(statemach.o)
sgml_free_attribute      06dc44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
sgml_free_attributes     06dcd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
default_attributes       06dd04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
is_element_open          06dd30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
open_within_container    06dd80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
force_close_to_matching  06de18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ensure_pre_requisites    06df54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ensure_post_requisites   06e284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
is_bad_close             06e388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
close_open_p_elements    06e3d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ext_special_container_open_actions 06e44c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
special_container_open_actions 06e6ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
ext_special_container_close_actions 06e6f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
special_container_close_actions 06e888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
perform_element_open     06e88c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
perform_element_close    06ecac + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
parse_then_perform_element_open 06ef7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
parse_then_perform_element_close 06efc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_element           06efdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
assign_value             06f0bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_element_name      06f160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_start_attribute_name  06f210 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_attribute_name    06f220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_start_attribute_value 06f370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
do_got_attribute_value   06f380 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
convert_undefined_key_code 06f6f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
entity_compare_function  06f730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
sgml_translation         06f768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
entity_recognition       06fc64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
sgml_do_parse_void       06fc9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_enum_void  06fcd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_enum       06fe8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_string_void 06fef4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_string     06ff64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_integer_void 06ffc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_integer    07006c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml__do_parse_stdunit_void 0700d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_stdunit_void 0703a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_stdunit    070424 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_stdunit_list 070490 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_enum_string 0705f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_bool       07067c + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
sgml_do_parse_colour     070728 + |C$$code| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
make_sockaddr            0707cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httpveneer_connection_new 070820 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httpveneer_connection_dispose 070890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_open                0708f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_status              0709fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_close               070a6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_completedpart       070ae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_readdata            070b28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_readdata_finished   070bbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_is_ssl_available    070bf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_init                070c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_tidyup              070c64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
http_register_cert_callback 070c80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httppoll                 070c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httppoll_handler         070d80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
make_sockaddr            070dc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftpveneer_connection_new 070e1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftpveneer_connection_dispose 070e8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_open              070eec + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_status            071000 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_close             07105c + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_readdata          0710f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_readdata_finished 07116c + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_init              0711a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftp_finalise          0711bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftppoll               0711d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftppoll_handler       0712d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
ecma__window_to_context  07131c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__push_jsecontext    071340 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__pop_jsecontext     071364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__get_jsecontext     071388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_initialise          0713c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_tidyup              071438 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__current_win_make_topmost 071480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ErrorFunction            0714e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_continue            071638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_newcontext          071760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__plugin_info_callback 071890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__install_plugins_and_mimetypes 07191c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_update_plugins_and_mimetypes 07195c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_start_run           071a34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_finish_run          071aa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_extend              071ac8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_newwindow           071acc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_disablewindow       071c24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_named_ref    071c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_indexed_ref  071cb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_array_ref    071d14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_form_ref     071dbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_forms_ref    071ed4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_remove_win_ref      071fdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_deletewindow        072148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_long_set_value      072244 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_number_set_value    0722c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_text_item_get       07235c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_event_object_update 072410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__variable_to_string 0727dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_interpret           0728a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_deletecontext       072a08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__property_from_array_member 072a9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__array_property_from_document 072b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__image_handler_exists 072c10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__link_handler_exists 072cb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__form_handler_exists 072d58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__input_handler_exists 072dfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__doc_handler_exists 072ec8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__event_handler_is_threaded 072fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__call_function      07304c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__event_handler_execute 0730e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_input_handler_execute 07313c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_image_handler_exists 073278 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_link_handler_exists 0732bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_form_handler_exists 073300 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_input_handler_exists 073344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_doc_handler_exists  0733a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_select_update       0733dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_select_dispose      0734cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_in_interpret        073508 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_in_destroy          07351c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_suspend_security_checks 073530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_restore_security_checks 07354c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserHash              073560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_fail_security_check 073598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
window_get_domain        0735a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSameOriginCheck   073654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetTopWindow      073730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetParentWindow   073780 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetWindowObject   073790 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNameOfWindow   073810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetNameOfWindow   073820 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetDefaultStatus  073830 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetDefaultStatus  073864 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetStatus         073898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetStatus         0738cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
frontend_view_children_js 073900 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
frontend_view_next_js    073960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextFrame      073a04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserWhichFrameName    073a18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
find_frame_by_name       073a8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserWhichFrame        073aec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNthFrame       073af0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserCountFrames       073b38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetLocation       073b74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetDocument       073b7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDisplayAlertDialog 073b84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDisplayQuestionDialog 073bdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDisplayPromptDialog 073c34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserBlurWindow        073cc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGiveFocusToWindow 073d08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
constrain                073d5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
adjust_box_from_features 073d74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserOpenWindow        073f88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserCloseWindow       074298 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserScrollWindow      074338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__goto_free          074388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__goto_free_iterator 0743b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__goto_cancel_view   074410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_goto_cancel         07442c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__goto_pending_iterator 074434 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_goto_pending        074448 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__goto_handler       074488 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__do_goto            074598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGotoURL           074640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDocGotoURL        0746cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserReloadLocation    074748 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__url_parse_js       0747a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__fill_in_url_contents 074920 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetLocationValue  07495c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetLocationValue  074aa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextAnchor     074b7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetAnchorValue    074c10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetAnchorValue    074c44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserAnchorsChanged    074c60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextLink       074c90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetLinkValue      074d28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserFreeLinkValue     074dd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetLinkURL        074e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetLinkTarget     074e60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserLinksChanged      074e94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserLinkFocus         074ec4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetHistoryLength  074f14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserHistoryGo         074f1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserFormsChanged      074f60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextForm       074f8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserWhichFormName     074ff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextImage      07505c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserImagesChanged     0750c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserWhichImageName    0750f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetImage          07515c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_image_change        075288 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_get_image_callback  075400 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserNewImage          07540c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetImage          07545c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetDocumentColor  075570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetDocumentColor  07576c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserOpenDocument      075810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDocumentWrite     075814 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserCloseDocument     075864 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetCookie         0759cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetCookie         075a00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetLastModified   075a0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetDocumentURL    075aec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetReferrer       075af4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetTitle          075b04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserFormReset         075b1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
form_submit_handler      075b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserFormSubmit        075b54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetForm           075b68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
replace_string           075bd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetForm           075c28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNextElement    075c94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserWhichElementName  075cd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetElement        075d30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetElement        07600c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserElementBlur       076144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserElementClick      0761a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserElementFocus      07623c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserElementSelect     0762d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetElementOption  076354 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetElementOption  0763ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserDeleteElementOption 076430 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserGetNumOptions     076464 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetElementObjectVariable 076468 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
remove_timeout           0764ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
timeout_exists           07651c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
remove_timeouts_for_window 076550 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
execute_timeout          0765d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
blocked_timeout_handler  0766f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
timeout_handler          076750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserSetTimeout        076758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browserClearTimeout      076804 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
mm_ecmamalloc            076838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
mm_ecmarealloc           07683c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
mm_ecmafree              076840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_forcible_clearup    076844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma_window_get_document 076848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browser_js_get_doc_info  07688c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browser_js_free_doc_info 0768ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browser_js_global_to_doc 0768f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browser_js_doc_execute   076958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
browser_js_destroy_variable 0769e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
AssignVarToProperty      076c08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
AssignStringToProperty   076c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
AssignLongToProperty     076cf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
AssignBooleanToProperty  076d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
jseMakeMember            076de0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
initialise_member        076e5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
encase_formatted         076e98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
encase_generic           076fe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringanchor             0770c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringbig                0770e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringblink              0770f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringbold               077100 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringfixed              07710c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringfontcolor          077118 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringfontsize           07713c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringitalics            077160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringlink               07716c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringsmall              077188 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringstrike             077198 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringsub                0771a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Stringsup                0771b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Navigatorjava            0771c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Navigatortaintenabled    07721c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateScreenObject 077264 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserSetUpWindowObject 0773f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowalert              07765c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowconfirm            0776cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowprompt             07776c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowblur               07789c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowfocus              0778dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
get_timeout_info         07791c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowsetinterval        0779b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowsettimeout         077a0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowcleartimeout       077a68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowclose              077ac4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
returnWindowObject       077b04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
newReturnWindowObject    077bc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowopen               077c2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Windowscroll             077d60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Locationreload           077df4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Locationreplace          077e68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Locationtostring         077ed8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Historyback              077f4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Historyforward           077f90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Historygo                077fd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Documentclose            07803c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Documentopen             07807c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Documentwrite            07810c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Documentwriteln          0781b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Formreset                078204 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Formsubmit               078244 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Elementblur              078284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Elementclick             0782c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Elementfocus             078304 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Elementselect            078344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Linkfocus                078384 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Optionconstruct          0783bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
Imageconstruct           078500 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
InitializeInternalLib_BrowserLib 0789a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateFrameArray2 0789e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
window_get               078b60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
window_put               078df0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
window_hasproperty       078f18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
framearray_get           078fec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
location_get             079100 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
location_put             079208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
link_get                 079410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
link_put                 07952c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
history_get              07962c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
image_get                0796a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
image_put                079804 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
form_get                 079960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
form_put                 079ab0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
element_get              079b8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
do_option_array_put      079dec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
element_and_option_array_put 07a020 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
option_get               07a294 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
option_put               07a388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserUpdateElement     07a46c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserFillOptionFields  07a618 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateElementOption 07a708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateOptionsArray2 07a794 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
valid_element_name       07a8d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateElementObject 07a948 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateElementSubarray 07ad7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateElementArray2 07ae98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateFormObject  07b020 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateImageObject 07b25c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
anchor_get               07b3d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
anchor_put               07b4b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateAnchorArray 07b55c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateAnchorObject 07b5dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserUpdateAnchorArray 07b668 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateFormArray2  07b758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateImageArray2 07b980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateLinkArray2  07bbc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
document_get             07bda8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
document_put             07c388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
document_hasproperty     07c4d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateMimeObject  07c5f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreatePluginObject 07c6e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateLocationObject 07c78c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateLinkObject  07c938 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateHistoryObject 07cb60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserCreateDocumentObject 07cc98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserGeneralInfo       07cfd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserAddPlugin         07d188 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserAddMimeType       07d4c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserSetWindow         07d6a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserSetWindow2        07d704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserInitialise        07d754 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserInternStrings     07d758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
browserUninternStrings   07d7b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
ecma_is_defined          07d804 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
InitializejseEngine      07d864 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
TerminatejseEngine       07d8a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseInitializeEngine      07d8ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseTerminateEngine       07d8d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseInitializeExternalLink 07d8d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseGetLinkData           07d914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseGetExternalLinkParameters 07d924 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
callApiStringEntry       07d934 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callRemoveApiStringEntry 07db48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
EnterIntoStringTable     07db9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
LockedStringTableEntry   07de30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
GrabStringTableEntry     07de60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
GrabStringTableEntryStrlen 07de9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
RemoveStringTableEntry   07df24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ReleaseStringTableEntry  07df44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
GetStringTableEntry      07df54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
createGlobalStrings      07e038 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
Ecma_Object_construct    07e0d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
Ecma_Object_toString     07e1a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
Ecma_Object_valueOf      07e2a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
Ecma_Function_prototype  07e2d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
Ecma_Function_toString   07e30c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callCleanupGlobal        07e3b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callNewSettings          07e488 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callInitialGlobal        07e5d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
InitializeBuiltinVariables 07e730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callInitial              07e7b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
secodeSourceLocation     07e7f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
functionInit             07e94c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ErrorVPrintf             07ea0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callPrintError           07f188 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
convertStringToNumber    07f2cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callCurrentName          07f520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
functionName             07f544 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callError                07f56c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
callQuit                 07f5d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ParseSourceTextIntoArgv  07f62c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
FreeArgv                 07f800 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libraryNew               07f848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libraryPurge             07f918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libraryDelete            07f978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libfuncExpand            07f9a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libfuncNew               07fa68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libfuncNewWrapper        07fc2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
libfuncDelete            07fd34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
functionDelete           07fd70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetNameLength         07fdac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseSetNameLength         07fdb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseLibraryData           07fdbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseFuncVarCount          07fdd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseMemberWrapperFunction 07fde8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGlobalObjectEx        07fec8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseLocateSource          07ff3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseCurrentFunctionName   07ff94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseAppExternalLinkRequest 07ff98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetCurrentThisVariable 07ffb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseCreateStack           08004c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jsePush                  080088 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseQuitFlagged           0800a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseCurrentContext        0800ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetVariableName       0800cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseCurrentFunctionVariable 080114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetFloatIndirect      08013c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetLong               080160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetBoolean            080180 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetString             0801a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetWriteableString    0801d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jsePutString             0801f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jsePutStringLength       080220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
CopyPtrData              080250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseCopyString            080308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetSharedData         080340 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseSetSharedData         080398 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseLibSetErrorFlag       08045c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseLibErrorPrintf        080480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseSetObjectData         0804c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGetObjectData         0804f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
jseGarbageCollect        080524 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
DescribeInvalidVar       0805ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
BaseToULong              0808e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
SEVAR_GET_NUMBER_VALUE   0809b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
seapiCleanup             080a10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
seapiGetValue            080a9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
seapiPutValue            080bb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
seapiDeleteVariable      080bd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
seapiCopyAndReturn       080c70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseLibSetExitFlag        080d54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseInterpInit            080db4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseInterpTerm            080e4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseInterpExec            080ee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseInterpret             080f10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseAddLibrary            08106c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jsePurgeLibraries        0810a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseFuncVar               0810b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseFuncVarNeed           081124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseVarNeed               0811e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetArrayLength        08125c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseSetArrayLength        081290 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseSetAttributes         0812cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseSetObjectCallbacks    08135c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetObjectCallbacks    0813a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetAttributes         0813d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseReturnLong            08144c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseReturnNumber          08146c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseReturnVar             081490 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCompare               0814e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseFindVariable          081640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCreateVariable        0816dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCreateSiblingVariable 081738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCreateConvertedVariable 0817b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCreateLongVariable    08182c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseDestroyVariable       08187c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetType               081888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
GenericGetNumber         0818bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseEvaluateBoolean       081910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jsePutBoolean            081964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jsePutNumber             0819b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jsePutLong               081a00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
GenericGetDataPtr        081a4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
GenericPutDataPtr        081b24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseConvert               081ce8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseAssign                081d5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseMemberGuts            081df0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseMemberEx              082028 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseIndexMemberEx         08209c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetNextMember         0820d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseDeleteMember          0821e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseActivationObject      08229c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jselibFindFunction       082318 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetFunction           082400 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
IsItAFunction            082478 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseIsFunction            0824cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseIsLibraryFunction     0824fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
secallstackPush          08252c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCallFunctionEx        082588 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCreateWrapperFunction 082838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseTerminateExternalLink 08290c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseDestroyStack          082910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jsePop                   082978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseSetGlobalObject       0829dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseCallStackInfo         082a24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseFreeStackInfo         082f48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseInternalizeString     082fb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseGetInternalString     083000 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
jseFreeInternalString    08306c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jselib.o)
LoadLibrary_Ecma         0830a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seecma.o)
jseGetNumber             083118 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
objectToSourceHelper     083140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseInitializeObject      0835e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseConstructObject       0836e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseCreateNumberVariable  083780 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
getDatumVar              0837d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
releaseDatumVar          083910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetBooleanDatum       08391c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetNumberDatum        08398c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetIntegerDatum       083a14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetInt32Datum         083a98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetUint32Datum        083b08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetUint16Datum        083b90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
jseGetStringDatum        083c10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
deleteResourceData       083d34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
jseGetResource           083d38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
STRCPYLEN_JSECHAR        083f08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
memcmp_jsechar           083f78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
BYTECOUNT_FROM_STRLEN    083ffc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
JSECHARPTR_DIFF          084054 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
JsecharToAscii           084098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
AsciiLenToJsechar        084108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
AsciiToJsechar           084178 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
jsecharCompare           0841a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
MY_strtol                084240 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
RemoveWhitespaceFromHeadAndTail 08436c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
StrCpyMallocLen          0844a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
long_to_string           0844e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
EcmaNumberToString       0844fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
UTF8_jsecharptr_inc      084710 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
UTF8_jsecharptr_offset   08473c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
UTF8_jsecharptr_get      084788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
GetSlongFromVar          0847b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_builtin      084808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_call         084848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_propertyIsEnumerable 0848f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_isPrototypeOf 0849bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_hasProperty  084ad0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_toLocaleString 084b84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Object_toSource     084bcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Function_builtin    084c1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
add_to_buffer            084c5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Function_construct  084cb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Function_call       08509c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Function_apply      0851bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Function_toSource   085328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_builtin       085700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_call          085740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_join          085980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_reverse       085c88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
array_sort_func          085e0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_sort          086024 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_concat        08625c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_pop           086554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_push          08664c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_shift         086750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_slice         086914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_splice        086b60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_unshift       087010 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Array_toSource      0871c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_builtin     087318 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_call        087358 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_construct   0873e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_valueOf     087480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_toString    087508 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Boolean_toSource    0875e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_builtin      0876a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_call         0876e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_construct    087774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_valueOf      087838 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
EcmaNumberToStringWithRadix 0878c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toString     087b78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toSource     087c88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toSomething  087d48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toFixed      087fc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toExponential 087fc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Number_toPrecision  087fd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Exception_toString  087fd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
MakeExceptionObject      088194 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Exception           088278 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_Exception_construct 0882bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_SyntaxError         0882fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_SyntaxError_construct 08834c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ReferenceError      08838c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ReferenceError_construct 0883e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ConversionError     088420 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ConversionError_construct 088474 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ArrayLengthError    0884b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_ArrayLengthError_construct 088504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_TypeError           088544 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_TypeError_construct 088594 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_URIError            0885d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_URIError_construct  088624 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_EvalError           088664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_EvalError_construct 0886b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_RegExpError         0886f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_RegExpError_construct 088744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
DeclareUndefined         088ae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_Objects 088b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
CreateNewObject          088bac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
ensure_type              088c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
MyjseMember              088d70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_builtin      088dec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_call         088e2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_construct    088e94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_toString     088fac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_fromCharCode 089034 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_charAt       089128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_charCodeAt   089214 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_indexOf      089324 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_lastIndexOf  089558 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
SplitMatch               089788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_split        089978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_substr       089ff8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_substring    08a0d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_toLowerCase  08a22c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_toUpperCase  08a328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_concat       08a420 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_slice        08a5d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_toSource     08a758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_localeCompare 08a830 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
add_char                 08a8a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
add_string               08a8fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
replace_string           08a970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
string_search_helper     08afe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_match        08b798 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_search       08b7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
Ecma_String_replace      08b7a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_String 08b930 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
textcoreGet              08ce68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
collectUnallocate        08ce8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
mark_function            08cf6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
mark_global              08cfbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
mark_call                08d000 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
mark_variable            08d12c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
mark_object              08d1c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
sweep                    08d258 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
collectRefill            08d474 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
destructors              08d554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
noteDestructors          08d638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
callDestructors          08d738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
garbageCollect           08d864 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
seobjInit                08d958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
seobjNew                 08d9ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
seobjNewUnordered        08da54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
sestrCreateAllocated     08dabc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
sevarDuplicateString     08db68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
sestrCreate              08dbe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
jseMallocWithGC          08dc64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(garbage.o)
callImplicitParents      08dcbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callFunctionFully        08de6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callFunction             08df3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callReturnFromFunction   08e9f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callCreateArguments      08eb50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callCreateVariableObject 08ec40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callInterpret            08f01c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callDelete               08f1b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
InitGlobalPrototype      08f3a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callNewGlobalVariable    08f458 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callFindAnyVariable      08f538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callErrorTrapped         08f8d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
callGetVarNeed           08f918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(call.o)
atexitNew                08fca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(atexit.o)
atexitDelete             08fcd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(atexit.o)
atexitCallFunctions      08fd18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(atexit.o)
atexitAdd                08fd60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(atexit.o)
jseCallAtExit            08fdb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(atexit.o)
sevarChopFromLeft        08fdbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarValidateIndex       08fe50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarSetArrayLength      09008c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarGetValue            09022c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarDoPut               0903a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarPutValueEx          090418 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarGetFunction         09065c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjSetAttributes       090704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjGetAttributes       090730 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjIndexMember         09075c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjIndexMemberStruct   09079c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjGetMemberStructEx   0907dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjGetMember           09093c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjChildMember         090968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjChildMemberStruct   090990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjSetFunction         090aa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
seobjMakeEcmaArray       090afc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
sevarDerefDynamicIndex   090b48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(var.o)
ConcatenateStrings       090bbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
ConcatVarPropertyName    090cc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
IsThisTheVariable        090d88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
FindNames                090f40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
CreateFromNumberText     091094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
CreateFromString         091194 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarAssignFromText      09149c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
AutoConvert              0915a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarECMACompareLess     091650 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarCompare             09184c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarECMACompareEquality 0918cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarGetArrayLength      091c30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjNewMember           091cf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjCreateMemberGeneric 091d54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjCreateMemberCopy    091f68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjCreateMemberType    091f94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarInitType            091fd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarInitNewObject       09205c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarGetFuncVar          092130 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToPrimitive  0921d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToBoolean    09221c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToNumber     0922e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
convertToSomeInteger     0923a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToSomeInteger 092518 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToString     092558 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvertToObject     0926b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarConvert             092884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjCanPut              092914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarCallConstructor     092990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
SEVAR_STRING_LEN         092a4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarGetData             092a7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
GetDotNamedVar           092b38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjDeleteMember        092da8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjFullDeleteMember    092f90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjCallDynamicProperty 093044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
sevarDefaultValue        093748 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
seobjHasProperty         093a40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
libDerefer               093ccc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(library.o)
libraryAddFunctions      093d78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(library.o)
libfuncNewCompact        0942d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(library.o)
localNew                 094488 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
localMinimizeTokens      094530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
localNextToken           09456c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
localDelete              0945dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
localAddVarName          094638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
loclCreateConstant       094718 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
loclFindLocal            094748 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
loclFindParam            0947a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
loclAddLocal             0947f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(loclfunc.o)
RunCompiledCode          09492c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(interprt.o)
interpretInit            094ca8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(interprt.o)
interpretTerm            095034 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(interprt.o)
do_op_member             09519c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
varGrabStringTableEntry  0952e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
do_array_member          095370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
findCachedGlobal         0953dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
callWithCatchEntry       0954a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
secodeInterpret          095568 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(secode.o)
HourFromTime             097f88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MinFromTime              098004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
SecFromTime              098070 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
msFromTime               0980d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
BuiltinDateConstructor   09811c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DaysInYear               09815c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DayFromYear              0981c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
YearFromTime             098280 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
InLeapYear               098348 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DayWithinYear            098388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MonthFromTime            0983e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateFromTime             0984e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
WeekDay                  0985dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
millisec_from_gmtime     09863c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DaylightSavingTA         098710 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
LocalTime                098840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
UTC                      0988ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
IsFinite                 098968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
TimeWithinDay            098998 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MakeTime                 0989fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MakeDay                  098ac4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MakeDate                 098be0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
TimeClip                 098c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
ensure_valid_date        098ce4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
GetNumbersFromString     098d24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
do_parse                 098e64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
msElapsedSince1970       099298 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
do_date_construction     09929c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateConstruct            099610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateCall                 099650 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_fromSystem     0996b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toSystem       099798 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_UTC            0997fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_parse          099990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toString       099a14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toDateString   099b2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toTimeString   099c68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_valueOf        099d98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_defaultValue   099e14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateGet                  099e58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getYear        099fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getFullYear    099fd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCFullYear 099fdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getMonth       099fe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCMonth    099ff4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getDate        09a000 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCDate     09a00c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getDay         09a018 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCDay      09a024 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getHours       09a030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCHours    09a03c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getMinutes     09a048 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCMinutes  09a054 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getSeconds     09a060 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCSeconds  09a06c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getMilliseconds 09a078 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getUTCMilliseconds 09a084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_getTimezoneOffset 09a090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setTime        09a150 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
ForceNumberFromFuncVar   09a230 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
SetHourMinSecMilli       09a294 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setMilliseconds 09a510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCMilliseconds 09a51c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setSeconds     09a528 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCSeconds  09a534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setMinutes     09a540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCMinutes  09a54c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setHours       09a558 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCHours    09a564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
SetYearMonDay            09a570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setDate        09a7f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCDate     09a820 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setMonth       09a850 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCMonth    09a880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setFullYear    09a8b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setUTCFullYear 09a8e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_setYear        09a910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateToString             09a940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toLocaleString 09aa48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toUTCString    09aa50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Date_toSource       09aa58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_Date 09adb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
Ecma_Math_abs            09adf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_acos           09ae54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_asin           09aee0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_atan           09af68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_atan2          09b00c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_ceil           09b234 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_cos            09b29c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_exp            09b30c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_floor          09b390 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_log            09b3f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_max            09b49c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_min            09b544 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_pow            09b5ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_random         09b858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_round          09b958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_sin            09b9c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_sqrt           09ba38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_Math_tan            09bad4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
MathLibInitFunction      09be10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
MathLibTermFunction      09be80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_Math 09be88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
Ecma_eval                09bed0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_parseInt            09bf9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_parseFloat          09c320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_escape              09c494 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_unescape            09c948 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_isNaN               09cca8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_isFinite            09cd44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
OctetsToUlong            09cde4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
URIDecode                09cea0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_decodeURI           09d340 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_decodeURIComponent  09d3f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
UlongToOctets            09d494 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
URIEncode                09d5e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_encodeURI           09d88c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
Ecma_encodeURIComponent  09d980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_Misc 09db00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
EcmaAliasOfPerlName      09db3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
regexpGetCallback        09dbf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
regexpPutCallback        09dc40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_toString          09dcb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
initPerlMatches          09df54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
compileRegExp            09e004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_delete            09e5b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_CallOrCompile     09e678 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_call              09e7c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_compile           09e844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_ExecOrCallOrTest  09e8ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_exec              09f2b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_callexec          09f2e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExp_test              09f310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExpInitFunction       09f340 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
InitializeLibrary_Ecma_RegExp 09f3ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
dynamicBufferInit        09f3ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
dynamicBufferTerm        09f42c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
dynamicBufferAppend      09f434 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
dynamicBufferAppendLength 09f4b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
jseEscapeString          09f530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
jseConvertToSource       09f748 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(selibutl.o)
textlibGet               09fd38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(setxtlib.o)
tokFilename              09fd50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokLineNumber            09fdb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokGetVar                09fdd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokSetVar                09fdec + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
CompileFromText          09fe2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokLookAhead             09ffa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokGetNext               0a000c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
tokRegExp                0a082c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(code.o)
SpecialMathOnNonFiniteNumbers 0a0904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(operator.o)
getTokDescription        0a0b90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(operator.o)
pcre_version             0a0bcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pcre_info                0a0be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
check_escape             0a0c5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
is_counted_repeat        0a0ed4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
read_repeat_counts       0a0f78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
find_fixedlength         0a1084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
compile_branch           0a12c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
compile_regex            0a241c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
first_significant_code   0a2668 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
is_anchored              0a2700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
is_startline             0a27cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
find_firstchar           0a2874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pcre_compile             0a295c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
match_ref                0a366c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
match                    0a371c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pcre_exec                0a53fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pcre_posix_error_code    0a5d20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
ecma_regerror            0a5d84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
ecma_regfree             0a5e9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
ecma_regcomp             0a5ea4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
ecma_regexec             0a5f28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
sourceDelete             0a6014 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(source.o)
sourceNew                0a6040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(source.o)
sourceNewFromText        0a607c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(source.o)
sourceNextLine           0a6140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(source.o)
secompileAddItem         0a6218 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileFileInfoCard    0a6438 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileAdvancePtr      0a64cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileFixupGotoItem   0a6530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
gototrackerNew           0a6594 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
gototrackerDelete        0a65d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileAddGoto         0a66cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileAddLabel        0a6780 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
looptrackerAddBreak      0a682c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
looptrackerAddContinue   0a6888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
looptrackerNew           0a68e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
looptrackerDelete        0a6924 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileNewLoop         0a69d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileEndLoop         0a6a0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileAddBreak        0a6a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileAddContinue     0a6ab8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileUpdate          0a6b1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileTargetted       0a6b9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileDelete          0a6c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompilePeephole        0a6d44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileFunction        0a7250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileFunctionBody    0a7638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileObject          0a7a34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileArray           0a7c08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileFunctionArgs    0a7d80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompilePrimaryExpression 0a7e54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileMemberExpression 0a81b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompilePostfixExpression 0a8454 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileOperatorExpression 0a854c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompilePutValue        0a8a78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileGetValueKeep    0a8b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileGetValueForParam 0a8be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileGetValue        0a8cb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileGetValueAsObject 0a8d60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileDiscard         0a8e04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
secompileExpressionEx    0a8e44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(expressn.o)
CompileRegExpLiteral     0a8f20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(codeprt2.o)
CompileStringToken       0a91dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(codeprt2.o)
GetVariableNameOrKeyword 0a93d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(codeprt2.o)
secompileIf              0a955c + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileWhile           0a9674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileDo              0a9768 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileVar             0a9874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileFor             0a9950 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileSwitch          0a9dbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileWith            0aa074 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileTry             0aa1c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
secompileStatement       0aa408 + |C$$code| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(statemnt.o)
CSS_make_new_manager     0aa968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_delete_manager       0aa9a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_ready          0aaa20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_get_handle     0aaa4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_data           0aab0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_parse_cancel         0aabc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_import_page          0aac70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_context_new          0aacdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_context_cascade      0aad78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_context_remove       0aadf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_current_url          0aae8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS_get_property         0aaea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__restart_document    0aaf08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__flush_stack         0aaf1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__add_style_db        0aaf5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__clean_styles        0aafe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_init        0ab030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_finish      0ab07c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_replace_property 0ab0c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_extract_properties 0ab170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_merge       0ab340 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__fsp_do_fixup        0ab424 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__fix_pseudo_properties 0ab48c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade_process_dbase 0ab544 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
CSS__cascade             0ab664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(manager.o)
css_init                 0ab744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css_config.o)
CSS_dbref__new           0ab794 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref__delete        0ab7f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref__find          0ab844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_add_reference  0ab8a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_remove_reference 0ab900 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_add_data_handle 0ab960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_data_handle    0ab978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_data_url       0ab988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
CSS_dbref_has_import     0ab990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
css_parse_full           0ab9a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(parser.o)
CSS_escape_to_ucs4       0aba40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_escape_to_utf8       0abb98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_stricmp              0abc94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_strnicmp             0abd0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cssmisc.o)
CSS_ctx_new              0abd94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_delete           0abe00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_recycle          0abe54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_push             0abee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_pop              0abef4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_last             0abf14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_element      0abf24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_class        0abf38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_id           0abf48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_ctx_get_style        0abf58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(context.o)
CSS_clink_load           0abf68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cascade.o)
CSS_ctab_delete          0ac03c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cascade.o)
CSS_ctab_find            0ac090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(cascade.o)
css_db_init              0ac0b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_finish       0ac118 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_finish            0ac19c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_sel_active_list   0ac1e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_sel_commit        0ac1f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_property_set_id   0ac224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_merge_list        0ac254 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_commit       0ac27c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_rollback     0ac2f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_new          0ac31c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_add          0ac374 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_add_int      0ac3ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_data_add_dbl      0ac40c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_make_table        0ac478 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_match_first       0ac4ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
css_db_match_next        0ac4c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
CSS_selparse__init       0ac560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse_new         0ac600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__recover    0ac644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse_delete      0ac6bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__grow       0ac6f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__add_chunk  0ac758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__part_add   0ac774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__commit     0ac86c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__char_ok    0ac9b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__push_inhand 0aca08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__process_char 0aca68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse__process_part 0acb0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
CSS_selparse_parse       0acb78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_part_free        0acd84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_free_list        0ace0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_set_specificity  0ace80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_get_specificity  0ace98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_get_order        0acea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_calc_specificity 0aceb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_get_pseudo       0acf7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel__find_class      0acfd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_match            0ad070 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_make_table       0ad260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add         0ad2d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_dbl     0ad354 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel__data_add_integer 0ad3d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_int     0ad454 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_enum    0ad484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_bool    0ad4b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_add_str     0ad4e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_sel_data_list        0ad588 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
css_link_new             0ad590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_free            0ad5cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_clear           0ad620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_add             0ad638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_getdata         0ad6a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_setdata         0ad6bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_count           0ad6d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_first           0ad6e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_next            0ad6f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_foreach         0ad720 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_link_merge           0ad790 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(link_list.o)
css_init_lexer           0ad810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
css_clean_lexer          0ad840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yylex                    0ad854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_get_previous_state    0ae800 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_try_NUL_trans         0ae93c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_switch_to_buffer      0aea6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_load_buffer_state     0aead8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_delete_buffer         0aeb10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_scan_buffer           0aeb60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_scan_bytes            0aebf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
set_font_weight          0aec64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
set_font_style           0aec90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
convert_units            0aecb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
parser_recover_state     0aed18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
reset_recover_state      0aed2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_yy_init              0aed3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_color_check 0aed70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_color_number 0aeda8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_color_name 0aee54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_font_size 0aeeb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_font_weight 0aeec8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__postprocess_url      0aef70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__grow    0af108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__add_word 0af1bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__new_word 0af208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_font_family__commit  0af250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
css_yy_tidy              0af2a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__import_page          0af2ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__parse_selector       0af334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yyparse                  0af398 + |C$$code| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
webimage2_start          0b02e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage2.o)
webimage2_feed           0b0394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage2.o)
webimage2_destroy        0b04dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage2.o)
webimage_init            0b0534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(winit.o)
webimage2__init_source   0b058c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__fill_input_buffer 0b0590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__skip_input_data 0b0610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__term_source   0b0660 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__src           0b0664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_error    0b06f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_message  0b0700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_init     0b0714 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_info     0b0770 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_state_machine 0b0878 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
progress_monitor         0b0be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_feed     0b0bec + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2__jpeg_destroy  0b0cd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
webimage2_jpeg_recognise 0b0d14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
get_soi                  0b0d44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_sof                  0b0e14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_sos                  0b1238 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_app0                 0b1604 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_app14                0b1908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dac                  0b1b00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dht                  0b1cec + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dqt                  0b2080 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
get_dri                  0b2394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
skip_variable            0b24ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
next_marker              0b25d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
first_marker             0b2748 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
read_markers             0b2814 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
read_restart_marker      0b2bb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
jpeg_resync_to_restart   0b2c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
reset_marker_reader      0b2dcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
jinit_marker_reader      0b2df8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmarker.o)
jpeg_create_decompress   0b2eb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_destroy_decompress  0b2f48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_abort_decompress    0b2f4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_set_marker_processor 0b2f50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
default_decompress_parms 0b2fa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_read_header         0b3178 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_consume_input       0b3220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_input_complete      0b3328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_has_multiple_scans  0b3388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
jpeg_finish_decompress   0b33e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapimin.o)
put_pixel_rows           0b3504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
put_pixel4bpp_rows       0b3534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
start_output_sprite      0b35b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
read_sprite_map          0b390c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
read_sprite4bpp_map      0b398c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
read_sprite8bpp_map      0b39d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
finish_output_sprite     0b3a1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
jinit_write_sprite       0b3a7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
jpeg_start_decompress    0b3dd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
output_pass_setup        0b3f10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_read_scanlines      0b4044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_read_raw_data       0b4144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_start_output        0b4270 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
jpeg_finish_output       0b42f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdapistd.o)
error_exit               0b54c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
output_message           0b5500 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
emit_message             0b5530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
format_message           0b559c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
reset_error_mgr          0b569c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
jpeg_std_error           0b56b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
jpeg_abort               0b572c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
jpeg_destroy             0b5784 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
jpeg_alloc_quant_table   0b57c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
jpeg_alloc_huff_table    0b57f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jcomapi.o)
out_of_memory            0b5830 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_small              0b5850 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_large              0b59d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_sarray             0b5a9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
alloc_barray             0b5b78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
request_virt_sarray      0b5c58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
request_virt_barray      0b5cf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
realize_virt_arrays      0b5d98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
do_sarray_io             0b5fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
do_barray_io             0b6098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
access_virt_sarray       0b6180 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
access_virt_barray       0b635c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
free_pool                0b653c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
self_destruct            0b66a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
jinit_memory_mgr         0b66fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
initial_setup            0b6828 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
per_scan_setup           0b6a8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
latch_quant_tables       0b6c70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
start_input_pass         0b6d4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
finish_input_pass        0b6dac + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
consume_markers          0b6dc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
reset_input_controller   0b6ecc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
jinit_input_controller   0b6f30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdinput.o)
use_merged_upsample      0b6fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
jpeg_calc_output_dimensions 0b7040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
prepare_range_limit_table 0b7114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
master_selection         0b71b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
prepare_for_output_pass  0b7444 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
finish_output_pass       0b7658 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
jpeg_new_colormap        0b769c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
jinit_master_decompress  0b7750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmaster.o)
put_pixel16bpp_rows      0b77b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite16.o)
jpeg_get_small           0b79d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_free_small          0b79e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_get_large           0b79e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_free_large          0b79f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_mem_available       0b79f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_open_backing_store  0b7a00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_mem_init            0b7a18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jpeg_mem_term            0b7a20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemnobs.o)
jdiv_round_up            0b7a24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jround_up                0b7a38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jcopy_sample_rows        0b7a68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jcopy_block_row          0b7ab8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jzero_far                0b7acc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
select_ncolors           0b7ad8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
output_value             0b7c38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
largest_input_value      0b7c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
create_colormap          0b7c60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
create_colorindex        0b7e08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
make_odither_array       0b7f68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
create_odither_tables    0b8018 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
color_quantize           0b80b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
color_quantize3          0b8140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
quantize_ord_dither      0b81c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
quantize3_ord_dither     0b82bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
quantize_fs_dither       0b83c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
alloc_fs_workspace       0b85d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
start_pass_1_quant       0b8644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
finish_pass_1_quant      0b876c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
new_color_map_1_quant    0b8770 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
jinit_1pass_quantizer    0b8788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
prescan_quantize         0b8884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_biggest_color_pop   0b8928 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_biggest_volume      0b8970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
update_box               0b89b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
median_cut               0b8d98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
compute_color            0b8f1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
select_colors            0b9090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_nearby_colors       0b9170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
find_best_colors         0b9358 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
fill_inverse_cmap        0b94cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
pass2_no_dither          0b95d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
pass2_fs_dither          0b9694 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
init_error_limit         0b9a04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
finish_pass1             0b9ac0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
finish_pass2             0b9af4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
start_pass_2_quant       0b9af8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
new_color_map_2_quant    0b9c7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
jinit_2pass_quantizer    0b9c8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant2.o)
build_ycc_rgb_table      0b9e68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
start_pass_merged_upsample 0b9f90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
merged_2v_upsample       0b9fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
merged_1v_upsample       0ba0b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
h2v1_merged_upsample     0ba104 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
h2v2_merged_upsample     0ba268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
jinit_merged_upsampler   0ba478 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmerge.o)
build_ycc_rgb_table      0ba540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
ycc_rgb_convert          0ba668 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
null_convert             0ba788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
grayscale_convert        0ba800 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
ycck_cmyk_convert        0ba840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
start_pass_dcolor        0ba98c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
jinit_color_deconverter  0ba990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcolor.o)
start_pass_upsample      0bab88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
sep_upsample             0baba0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
fullsize_upsample        0bacdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
noop_upsample            0bace4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
int_upsample             0bacf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v1_upsample            0badc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v2_upsample            0bae20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v1_fancy_upsample      0baebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
h2v2_fancy_upsample      0baf84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
jinit_upsampler          0bb0d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdsample.o)
start_pass_dpost         0bb354 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
post_process_1pass       0bb474 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
post_process_prepass     0bb52c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
post_process_2pass       0bb630 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
jinit_d_post_controller  0bb720 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdpostct.o)
start_pass               0bb80c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jddctmgr.o)
jinit_inverse_dct        0bb980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jddctmgr.o)
start_pass_phuff_decoder 0bba28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
process_restart          0bbd8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_DC_first      0bbe28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_AC_first      0bc098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_DC_refine     0bc354 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
decode_mcu_AC_refine     0bc490 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
jinit_phuff_decoder      0bc9ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
start_pass_huff_decoder  0bca74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jpeg_make_d_derived_tbl  0bcbec + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jpeg_fill_bit_buffer     0bce14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jpeg_huff_decode         0bcf6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
process_restart          0bd08c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
decode_mcu               0bd124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
jinit_huff_decoder       0bd5dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
start_iMCU_row           0bd64c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
start_input_pass         0bd690 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
start_output_pass        0bd69c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
decompress_onepass       0bd6fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
dummy_consume_data       0bd9bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
consume_data             0bd9c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
decompress_data          0bdbb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
smoothing_ok             0bddbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
decompress_smooth_data   0bde68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
jinit_d_coef_controller  0be644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdcoefct.o)
alloc_funny_pointers     0be7b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
make_funny_pointers      0be890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
set_wraparound_pointers  0be9c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
set_bottom_pointers      0beaa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
start_pass_main          0beb74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
process_data_simple_main 0bec14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
process_data_context_main 0becbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
process_data_crank_post  0bee64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
jinit_d_main_controller  0bee9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdmainct.o)
jpeg_idct_ifast          0befcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jidctfst.o)
webimage2__png_error     0bf4c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_nomem     0bf4c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_warning   0bf4d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_1                   0bf4d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_2to4                0bf6c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_4                   0bf80c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_8to4                0bfa18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
near_8bpp                0bfc28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_8                   0bfd24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_8to8                0bff4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_24to8               0c0250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
alpha_24to8              0c0450 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
line_24to16              0c061c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__call_irec     0c0910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_spritehdr 0c0cdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_info      0c0f88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_row       0c1064 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_end       0c116c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_init      0c1170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_feed      0c11c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2__png_destroy   0c129c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
webimage2_png_recognise  0c1308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
png_set_crc_action       0c1338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_background       0c1434 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_strip_16         0c1510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_strip_alpha      0c1520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_dither           0c1530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_gamma            0c1e14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_expand           0c1e60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_palette_to_rgb   0c1e70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_gray_1_2_4_to_8  0c1e80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_tRNS_to_alpha    0c1e90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_gray_to_rgb      0c1ea0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_rgb_to_gray      0c1eb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_rgb_to_gray_fixed 0c1eec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_read_user_transform_fn 0c201c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_init_read_transformations 0c2030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_read_transform_info  0c2a2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_transformations 0c2c2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_unpack            0c309c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_unshift           0c3200 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_chop              0c3430 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_swap_alpha   0c3498 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_invert_alpha 0c3628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_read_filler       0c3750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_gray_to_rgb       0c3a28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_rgb_to_gray       0c3bec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_build_grayscale_palette 0c43f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_background        0c4480 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_gamma             0c5704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_expand_palette    0c5b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_expand            0c5dec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_do_dither            0c6248 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_build_gamma_table    0c63a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
png_set_bgr              0c6960 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_swap             0c6970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_packing          0c6988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_packswap         0c69ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_shift            0c69c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_interlace_handling 0c69e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_filler           0c6a08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_swap_alpha       0c6a68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_invert_alpha     0c6a78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_invert_mono      0c6a88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_invert            0c6a98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_swap              0c6ad8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_packswap          0c6b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_strip_filler      0c6b8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_do_bgr               0c6e5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_set_user_transform_info 0c6f88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_get_user_transform_ptr 0c6f98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_process_data         0c6fa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_process_some_data    0c6ff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_sig        0c7038 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_chunk      0c7128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_crc_skip        0c77e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_crc_finish      0c77f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_fill_buffer     0c7908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_save_buffer     0c79cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_restore_buffer  0c7ab4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_IDAT       0c7ad4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_process_IDAT_data    0c7cd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_process_row     0c7df4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_read_push_finish_row 0c81a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_handle_tEXt     0c82cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_tEXt       0c8358 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_handle_zTXt     0c8460 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_read_zTXt       0c84ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_handle_unknown  0c87bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_have_info       0c8908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_have_end        0c8918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_push_have_row        0c8928 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_progressive_combine_row 0c8940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_set_progressive_read_fn 0c8964 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_get_progressive_ptr  0c8988 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngpread.o)
png_create_read_struct   0c8990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_init            0c8c2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_init_2          0c8c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_info            0c8e74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_update_info     0c9560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_start_read_image     0c9598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_row             0c95a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_rows            0c9a74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_image           0c9b40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_end             0c9bb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_destroy_read_struct  0ca13c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_destroy         0ca200 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_set_read_status_fn   0ca464 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_read_png             0ca46c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngread.o)
png_set_sig_bytes        0ca630 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sig_cmp              0ca690 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_check_sig            0ca704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_zalloc               0ca734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_zfree                0ca78c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_reset_crc            0ca790 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_calculate_crc        0ca7c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_create_info_struct   0ca810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_destroy_info_struct  0ca848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_info_init            0ca88c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_data_freer           0ca898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_free_data            0ca8fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_info_destroy         0cad04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_io_ptr           0cad60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_copyright        0cad68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_libpng_ver       0cae34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_header_ver       0cae4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_get_header_version   0cae5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_handle_as_unknown    0cae9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_reset_zstream        0caf14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_access_version_number 0caf1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_error                0caf28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_warning              0caf64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_format_buffer        0caf74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_chunk_error          0cb068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_chunk_warning        0cb0a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_default_error        0cb0d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_default_warning      0cb0e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_set_error_fn         0cb0e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_get_error_ptr        0cb0f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
png_create_struct        0cb0fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_destroy_struct       0cb14c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_malloc               0cb158 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_free                 0cb1ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_memcpy_check         0cb1c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_memset_check         0cb1d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngmem.o)
png_get_uint_32          0cb1f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_get_int_32           0cb214 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_get_uint_16          0cb238 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_crc_read             0cb250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_crc_finish           0cb288 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_crc_error            0cb350 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_decompress_chunk     0cb3d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_IHDR          0cb6b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_PLTE          0cba14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_IEND          0cbcc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_gAMA          0cbd64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sBIT          0cbf60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_cHRM          0cc124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sRGB          0cc67c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_iCCP          0cc908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sPLT          0ccaf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_tRNS          0ccdd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_bKGD          0cd128 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_hIST          0cd3a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_pHYs          0cd5ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_oFFs          0cd6f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_pCAL          0cd844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_sCAL          0cdb48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_tIME          0cdd80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_tEXt          0cdecc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_zTXt          0cdfec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_handle_unknown       0ce168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_check_chunk_name     0ce2e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_combine_row          0ce394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_do_read_interlace    0ce690 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_read_filter_row      0ceae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_read_finish_row      0ced18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_read_start_row       0cf068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrutil.o)
png_set_bKGD             0cf308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_cHRM             0cf338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_cHRM_fixed       0cf43c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_gAMA             0cf4f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_gAMA_fixed       0cf530 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_hIST             0cf560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_IHDR             0cf580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_oFFs             0cf6a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_pCAL             0cf6d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sCAL             0cf7fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_pHYs             0cf83c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_PLTE             0cf86c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sBIT             0cf89c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sRGB             0cf8cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sRGB_gAMA_and_cHRM 0cf8ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_iCCP             0cfa24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_text             0cfae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_tIME             0cfce0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_tRNS             0cfd1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_sPLT             0cfd7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_unknown_chunks   0cfe8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_unknown_chunk_location 0cff98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_permit_empty_plte    0cffd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_keep_unknown_chunks 0cffdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_read_user_chunk_fn 0d00e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_rows             0d00ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_compression_buffer_size 0d0144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_set_invalid          0d0190 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngset.o)
png_read_data            0d01ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrio.o)
png_set_read_fn          0d01dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrio.o)
png_get_valid            0d02a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_rowbytes         0d02bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_rows             0d02d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_image_width      0d02e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_image_height     0d02f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_bit_depth        0d030c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_color_type       0d0320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_filter_type      0d0334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_interlace_type   0d0348 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_compression_type 0d035c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_x_pixels_per_meter 0d0370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_y_pixels_per_meter 0d03a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pixels_per_meter 0d03d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pixel_aspect_ratio 0d040c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_x_offset_microns 0d0460 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_y_offset_microns 0d0490 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_x_offset_pixels  0d04c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_y_offset_pixels  0d04f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_channels         0d0520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_signature        0d0534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_bKGD             0d0548 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_cHRM             0d0574 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_cHRM_fixed       0d0614 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_gAMA             0d06b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_gAMA_fixed       0d06e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sRGB             0d070c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_iCCP             0d0738 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sPLT             0d0794 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_hIST             0d07b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_IHDR             0d07dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_oFFs             0d08f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pCAL             0d093c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sCAL             0d09cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_pHYs             0d0a0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_PLTE             0d0a68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_sBIT             0d0aa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_text             0d0ad4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_tIME             0d0b20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_tRNS             0d0b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_unknown_chunks   0d0bd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_rgb_to_gray_status 0d0bf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_user_chunk_ptr   0d0bf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
png_get_compression_buffer_size 0d0c00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngget.o)
webimage2__lzwinit       0d0c08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__output_line   0d0d1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__lzwoutput     0d1024 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__id            0d11b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gif_init      0d12a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__call_irec     0d1374 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gcx           0d1750 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gif_feed      0d1798 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__gif_destroy   0d1bf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2_gif_recognise  0d1c7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
webimage2__lzw           0d1cbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(lzw.o)
sprite2__area_control    0d1f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
sprite2__sprite_header   0d1fe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
sprite2__sprite_image    0d21e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2_sprite_recognise 0d2284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2__sprite_init   0d2368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2__sprite_feed   0d23c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2__sprite_destroy 0d2498 + |C$$code| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
webimage2_xbm_recognise  0d24cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
webimage2__xbm_init      0d2540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
webimage2__xbm_feed      0d258c + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
webimage2__xbm_destroy   0d2754 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
xbm_header               0d2774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
xbm_data_header          0d2898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
xbm_data                 0d2c30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
read_line                0d2e20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
inflateReset             0d2ea0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateEnd               0d2f08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateInit2_            0d2f68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateInit_             0d30b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflate                  0d30c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateSetDictionary     0d3614 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateSync              0d36c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
inflateSyncPoint         0d37c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inflate.o)
get_crc_table            0d37e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(crc32.o)
crc32                    0d37f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(crc32.o)
inflate_blocks_reset     0d38f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks_new       0d399c + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks           0d3a84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks_free      0d4570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_set_dictionary   0d45d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
inflate_blocks_sync_point 0d4610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
zlibVersion              0d46ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
z_error                  0d46bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
zError                   0d46c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
zcalloc                  0d46dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
zcfree                   0d46e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
adler32                  0d46fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(adler32.o)
inflate_codes_new        0d4874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infcodes.o)
inflate_codes            0d48d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infcodes.o)
inflate_codes_free       0d4f34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infcodes.o)
inflate_flush            0d4f48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infutil.o)
huft_build               0d5098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_trees_bits       0d5580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_trees_dynamic    0d56a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_trees_fixed      0d5908 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
inflate_fast             0d5954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inffast.o)
file_get_size_and_type   0d5d00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_exists              0d5e5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_is_directory        0d5eb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_wipe_objects        0d5f10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_copy                0d5f44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_canonicalise_name   0d5f7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_new_directory       0d5fc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_save                0d5ff4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file.o)
file_flexload            0d6034 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file_load.o)
mm_can_we_recover        0d60f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_weakmalloc            0d6148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_malloc                0d614c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_calloc                0d61a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_realloc               0d61dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_weakrealloc           0d623c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_free                  0d6240 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_freeconst             0d6268 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_init                  0d626c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_strdup                0d6270 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_strndup               0d62b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_check                 0d6308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_dump_no_summary_to_fn 0d630c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm__summary_through_function 0d6370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm__dbg__out             0d65e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm__dump_through_function 0d65f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_summary               0d6628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
mm_dump                  0d6638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
layers_static_printf     0d6668 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memwatch.o)
flex_mustalloc           0d66e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex_must.o)
flex_mustextend          0d66f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex_must.o)
makeerror                0d674c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(errors.o)
makeerrorf               0d67bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(errors.o)
flex_init                0d6834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_dump_to_fn          0d6880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_dump                0d6ae0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_extend              0d6af4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_alloc               0d6bb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_midextend           0d6bc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_free                0d6cb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_compact             0d6cfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_size                0d6d00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex_reanchor            0d6d14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
MemFlex__SetSlot         0d6d5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
MemFlex_Shrinkable       0d6de0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
MemFlex__Insert          0d6e4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
layers_flexfile_create   0d6f58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_destroy  0d6fac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_size     0d6fd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_anchor   0d6fdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_putc     0d6fe0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_puts     0d704c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_write    0d7080 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_read     0d7108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_cpy      0d7158 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_tofile   0d71b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
layers_flexfile_fromfile 0d71d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flexfile.o)
url_parse                0d7240 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_parse.o)
url_free_parts           0d75f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_free_parts.o)
stricmp                  0d766c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(stricmp.o)
url_path_trans           0d76cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
layers_localise_path     0d7790 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
delocalise_path          0d77f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
layers_delocalise_path   0d7854 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
layers_delocalise_leafname 0d785c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localisepath.o)
string_hash              0d7864 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
strnearly                0d7890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
find_closest_colour      0d7970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
shuffle_array            0d79e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
hostname_match           0d7a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(portutil.o)
url_ensure_buffer_size   0d7b50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_unparse.o)
url_unparse              0d7b9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_unparse.o)
call_callback            0d7e28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_init        0d7e60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_next        0d7e78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
call_next                0d7e94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_call_next   0d7ee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_call_pending 0d7f30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_anypending  0d7fa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm             0d7fd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
layers_alarm_removeall_match 0d8064 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
resolvehandler           0d8118 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
layers_cancelresolve     0d82b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
layers_asyncresolve      0d831c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
confman_default_create   0d83c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_default_create_data 0d83c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_cleanup          0d83cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_initialise       0d8434 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_set_alt          0d847c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_restore          0d8490 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_persist          0d84a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_declare_component 0d84bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_undeclare_component 0d8538 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_merge            0d854c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_merge_data       0d8594 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
confman_default_manager  0d85dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
mime_convert             0d85ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
suffix_to_file_type      0d8a6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
mime_to_file_type        0d8a7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_type_to_mime        0d8a90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_mime_type_release 0d8adc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_and_object_type_real 0d8ae0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_type_real           0d8ba4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_riscostounixtime    0d8bac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_last_modified       0d8c18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_and_object_type     0d8c6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_gettype             0d8d00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_txt_terminate     0d8d08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_txt_init          0d8d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_txt               0d90a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_resspr_area       0d9130 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_resspr_init       0d9144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_resspr_lookup     0d9168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
werr                     0d9238 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_reporterror       0d929c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
rma_alloc                0d93b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
rma_free                 0d93ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
wait_for_release         0d941c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
file_lock                0d94c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
gstrans_not_null         0d952c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
cmos_op                  0d9580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
rs_tmpnam                0d9618 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
mmfopen                  0d96c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
mmfclose                 0d9704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
get_free_memory_size     0d974c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
get_fsnum                0d978c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
get_fsptr                0d97cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
is_a_tv                  0d9808 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
ro_anti_twitter_is_on    0d98d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
ro_anti_twitter          0d9914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
ro_adjust_box_for_anti_twitter 0d99bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_string_value_associate 0d99fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
string_free_iterator     0d9a34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_string_value_free 0d9a8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
flex_dup                 0d9ad0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_string_value_write 0d9b48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
layers_packedchar_cmp    0d9bdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_unpack_n 0d9be0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_pack_n 0d9be4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_memunpack 0d9be8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_mempack 0d9bec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_len    0d9bf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_dup    0d9bf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_memunpack_offset 0d9bf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
layers_packedchar_mempack_offset 0d9c04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strpacked.o)
handle_dialler_status    0d9c14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
message_service_handler  0d9c98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_connect_init 0d9cd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_connect   0d9d08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_disconnect 0d9d90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
layers_network_get_status 0d9e08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
mm_strdup_gstrans        0d9e18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(gstrans.o)
strcatx_with_leeway      0d9ec4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
strcatx1                 0d9f74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
strcatx                  0d9f7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
strtrim                  0d9f84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcatx.o)
layers_copy_error        0d9fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_set_graphics_colour 0da028 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_get_scrap_root    0da12c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
spriteextend_checkversion 0da178 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_os_name           0da20c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_getlocalhostname  0da2c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_set_animation_control_pointer 0da35c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_modal_loop        0da360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_last_error        0da390 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
layers_resolve           0da394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve.o)
callback_fn              0da48c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8_len 0da504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8  0da5bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8_num_len 0da5c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
layers_encoding_to_utf8_num 0da62c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(enctoutf8.o)
url_join                 0da714 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_join.o)
make_num                 0dab60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
make_month               0dab88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
skip_to_num              0dabe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
layers_parsedate         0dac18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
strnicmp                 0daed0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strnicmp.o)
prefixcmp                0daf40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(prefixcmp.o)
list_add                 0daf98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
list_remove              0dafa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
list_iterate             0dafe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
list_remove_by_comparison 0db03c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(list.o)
layers_time              0db098 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localtime.o)
strncpysafe              0db09c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strncpysafe.o)
strlencat                0db0d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strlencat.o)
layers_base64_encode     0db120 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uuencode.o)
compare_used             0db208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getsorted.o)
get_sorted_list          0db220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getsorted.o)
safe_write_bytes         0db2ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
safe_write_string        0db2f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
safe_read_bytes          0db360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
safe_read_string         0db3bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(safe_rw.o)
file_get_size            0db428 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file2.o)
file_load                0db498 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file2.o)
file_set_type            0db52c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file2.o)
optimise_string          0db560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memoptimise.o)
optimise_block           0db5c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memoptimise.o)
layers_base64_decode     0db630 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uudecode.o)
layers_kbd_alt           0db79c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_kbd_shift         0db7e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_kbd_ctrl          0db7ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_kbd_flush         0db7f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
layers_key_to_native     0db86c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(keyboard2.o)
mm_lowmemory             0db870 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_alloc       0db888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_free        0db88c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_replenish   0db890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_panic       0db940 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
emergencymemory_cleanup  0db9f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergencymemory       0dba78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_emergency_mem_freed   0dbae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
layers_set_modal         0dbb00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_clear_modal       0dbb60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_is_modal          0dbba4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_is_modal_count    0dbbc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_win_is_modal      0dbbd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_get_modal         0dbc50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers__modal_wait_alarm 0dbc7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
modal_win_click          0dbc80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_modal__wait       0dbcb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_modal_wait        0dbd50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
layers_modal_wait_for_release 0dbd64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
webfont_font_info        0dbd78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_name        0dbf30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_init_font       0dbfd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
do_font_bits             0dc1c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
one_of_each_please       0dc470 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_initialise      0dc4c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_reinitialise    0dc560 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_find_font        0dc61c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_tidyup          0dc674 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_width_n     0dc7f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_width       0dc8cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_split_point_char 0dc8d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_split_point      0dc9cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
scanstring_offset_fn     0dc9f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_get_offset       0dcae8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_nominal_width    0dcbc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
declare_one_of_sizes     0dcc0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_declare_printer_fonts 0dcc68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__setfont         0dcd64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_setcolours       0dcdac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_paint            0dce20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_paint_n          0dce48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_paint_full       0dce84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_need_wide_font   0dd054 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__available_char  0dd0f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_available_char   0dd270 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_font_exists      0dd278 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__symbolfont      0dd284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_lookup_symbol    0dd368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__find_best       0dd458 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_select           0dd5b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__release         0dd7bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__release_old     0dd810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts__release_fonts  0dd860 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__maybe_start_alarm 0dd914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_discard          0dd97c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_lose_font        0dd9d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_contains         0dda14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfonts_map_entry       0dda1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_find_typeface    0ddaa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_height           0ddaa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_ascent           0ddafc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_descent          0ddb40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont_space_width      0ddb84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
ro_report_fonts          0ddbc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
refstring_new_n          0ddcf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(refstring.o)
refstring_new            0ddd60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(refstring.o)
refstring_del            0ddd68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(refstring.o)
task_init                0dddb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_new                 0dddb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_addhalt             0dde24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_halt                0dde70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_unhalt              0ddebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_ishalted            0ddf08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_removehalt          0ddf10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_getpriority         0ddf8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_setpriority         0ddf94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_delete              0ddfe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
add_runnable             0de094 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
remove_runnable          0de114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
get_next_runnable        0de170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task__run                0de1a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
layers_hline             0de278 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_vline             0de2f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_rectanglefill     0de368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_rectanglefill2    0de3d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_rectangle         0de450 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_circle            0de498 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bhline            0de54c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_xpixel            0de5cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_ypixel            0de5fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bpp               0de62c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_screenrect        0de654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_safearea          0de708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_set_smargins      0de878 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_get_smargins      0de87c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_screendepth       0de8ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
ro_update_clip_copy      0de914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_set_clip          0de930 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_get_clip          0de9a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bmp_plot          0dea58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
layers_bmp_plot_scaled   0dea84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
limit_line               0dec00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
current_point            0dec24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
insert_chars             0dec3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
delete_bytes             0ded74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
move_point_from          0dedec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
move_point               0dee34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
char_width_left          0dee68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
char_width_right         0dee8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_line_length          0dee94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
line_length              0deee0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
current_line_length      0deee8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
decode_offset            0deef4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_highlight_count      0def70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_line_height          0defa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_line_width           0defdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_index                0df064 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
convert_index            0df0b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
find_next_break          0df130 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
count_lines              0df290 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
fillin_line_list         0df310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
build_line_list          0df370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
resize_line_list         0df3d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
check_line_list          0df470 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_max_width            0df680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_thread      0df708 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_unthread    0df734 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
check_callback           0df788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
caret_pos_to_xy          0df7dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_caret_pos            0df990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
set_caret_to_be_visible  0df9c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
scroll_parent_to_show_highlight 0dfaa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_scroll_to_show_block 0dfb40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_scroll_to_show_region 0dfc64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
get_scroll_to_show_caret 0dfce8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
set_extent               0dfd2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
draw_line                0dfdb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
do_redraw                0e0074 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
mouse_to_coords          0e019c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_click_handler 0e02fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_insert_char       0e0390 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_insert_newline    0e040c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_to_start   0e0464 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_left       0e04a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_right      0e04f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_to_end     0e0564 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_all        0e05b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_delete_all_area   0e0600 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_left_or_off       0e0638 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_left              0e0684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_left_or_wrap      0e06a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_right_or_off      0e06f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_right             0e074c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_right_or_wrap     0e076c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_start_of_line     0e07c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_end_of_line       0e07f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_start_of_area     0e082c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_end_of_area       0e0858 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_up                0e089c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_down              0e08f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_page_up           0e0950 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_page_down         0e095c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_line_up           0e0968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_line_down         0e0974 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_blur              0e0980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_scroll    0e09a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_left      0e09b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_right     0e09c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_start_of_line 0e09d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_end_of_line 0e09dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_start_of_area 0e09e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
action_nocaret_end_of_area 0e09f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_key_handler 0e0a00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_blur_handler 0e0a9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_click       0e0adc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_click_logical 0e0b6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_mousemove   0e0c08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_key         0e0c74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_keypress 0e0c8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_redraw      0e0d0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_focus       0e0d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
create_display           0e0d9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
update_display           0e0e6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_text_count 0e1030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_cursor_point 0e1124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_cursor_region 0e1168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_cursor 0e1200 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_insert 0e12c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_delete 0e1320 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_replace 0e1360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_highlight 0e13d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_overrun 0e1640 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_writedata 0e1664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_writedata_indirected 0e16b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_readdata 0e18c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_dispose 0e19fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_create 0e1abc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_naturalsize 0e1c4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_focus 0e1cbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_setposition 0e1dc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_redraw 0e1f94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_scroll 0e204c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_get_style 0e21fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_textareapeer_set_style 0e22fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
layers_clock             0e24bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localclock.o)
layers_hourglass_suspend 0e24c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_resume  0e24fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_on      0e252c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_off     0e25a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
layers_hourglass_tick    0e2608 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
ro_set_hourglass_poll_interval 0e2688 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
find_tag                 0e269c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
add_tag                  0e26f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
layers_parseheader       0e2780 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
layers_parseheader_argument 0e2b08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parseheader.o)
get_file_type_name       0e2b64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(typenames.o)
get_plugin_type_name     0e2bc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(typenames.o)
lang_compare_function    0e2c54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
lang_name_to_num         0e2c5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
lang_num_to_name         0e2cc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
lang_num_to_font         0e2d00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
mm_register_panicfn      0e2d5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
mm__call_panicfns        0e2dac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
mm_call_panicfns         0e2e38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
layers_network_observer_init 0e2ea4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_network_call_observers 0e2ecc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_network_add_connect_observer 0e2f38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_network_remove_connect_observer 0e2f88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
layers_atshutdown        0e3004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
layers_shutdown_actions  0e3030 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
layers_buttonpeer_initialise 0e309c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_create 0e30f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_setposition 0e3170 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_naturalsize 0e3284 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_writedata 0e3338 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_dispose 0e339c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_add_uics 0e3424 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_set_colours 0e34a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_focus  0e34b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_buttonpeer_press  0e34bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_redraw        0e352c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_click         0e36f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_click_logical 0e37d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_key           0e381c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_mouse         0e3848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_focus         0e38ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
buttonpeer_blur          0e3958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
button_border            0e39a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
truncate_label           0e3a60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__find_font 0e3b30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__lose_font 0e3b38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_initialise 0e3b40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
check_callback           0e3bf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
get_colours              0e3c78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
blurhandler              0e3ca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_find_selectitem 0e3d04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
find_first_selected_item 0e3d30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
immediate_redraw         0e3d64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
item_box                 0e3da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
do_update_mouse_pointer  0e3e08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
invalidate_item          0e3ed0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_close_all_except 0e3f64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open  0e3fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__close 0e4108 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_set_peer_win_size_to_open 0e41f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_add_to_peer_list 0e4368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_remove_from_peer_list 0e4388 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
select_item              0e43fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
fix_scroll_and_highlight 0e443c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
set_scroll_for_highlight 0e44ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
set_highlight_for_scroll 0e44b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
scroll_parent_to_show_highlight 0e44bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
scroll_peer              0e458c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
move_highlight           0e4670 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
move_highlight_to        0e47d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
get_font                 0e4840 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
draw_border              0e48b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
plot_graphic             0e4914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
copy_border              0e496c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
do_select_item           0e49bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_redraw 0e4adc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_redraw 0e4e08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_click 0e4f98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_click_logical 0e5118 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_click 0e5164 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_key 0e51dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_key 0e5244 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_mousemove 0e5370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_add_child_window 0e54a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_create 0e5558 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_additem 0e5710 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_numitems 0e57e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_updateitem 0e57e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_removeitem 0e584c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_naturalsize 0e5978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_setposition 0e5a50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_readdata 0e5b54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_writedata 0e5bdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_dispose 0e5c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_open   0e5d2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_get_style 0e5d64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_set_style 0e5dcc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_focus  0e5e64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer_redraw 0e5ec4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
ro_win_to_layers_win     0e5f44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_ro_win_to_layers_win 0e5fb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_to_layers_ro_win 0e5fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
box_from_riscos          0e5fc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
box_to_riscos            0e6004 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
redrawstr_from_riscos    0e6038 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
x_to_riscos              0e60f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
y_to_riscos              0e610c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
x_from_riscos            0e6124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
y_from_riscos            0e6140 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
draw_border              0e6160 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
border_width             0e6200 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
skip_disabled            0e6228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_redraw                0e6264 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_mouseclick        0e6304 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_mousemove         0e64e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_keypress              0e6658 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_keypress          0e6724 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ptrmove_alarm            0e6764 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_ptrenter_handler      0e68cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_ptrleave_handler      0e6904 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_losecaret_handler     0e693c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_closewindow_handler   0e698c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_openwindow_handler    0e69d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_key_handler           0e6a5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_redraw_handler        0e6b80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_click_handler         0e6c3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
rootwin_redraw           0e6cbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_update_screensize     0e6ce8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
get_screenbox            0e6d84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
create_rootwin           0e6f14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_getinfo       0e6fe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
open_border_win          0e70e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
force_redraw_border_win  0e71f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_open_full     0e7234 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_reopen_rootwin        0e768c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_open          0e77bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
close_children           0e77c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_close         0e7814 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_thread        0e7970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_unthread      0e79a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_setextent     0e7a18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_setextent             0e7a88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_caret_invisible 0e7b14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_caret         0e7b68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_caret         0e7cc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_caret_owner       0e7da8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_caret_ownedby     0e7db8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_caret_offer       0e7dfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_pointer 0e7ebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_visibility 0e8040 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_mouse_visibility 0e811c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_init_mouse_visibility 0e8138 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_invalidate    0e81a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_update_immediate 0e8208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_update        0e82b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_reopen        0e82b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_make_topmost  0e8460 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_make_bottommost 0e84a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
get_win                  0e84fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_get_next      0e8554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_get_child     0e856c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_getfunctions  0e8578 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_setfunctions  0e8580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_get_logical_click_handler 0e8588 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_set_logical_click_handler 0e8590 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_gethandle     0e8598 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_sethandle     0e85a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_win_set_flags     0e85a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_get_mouse_pos         0e8644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_mouse_pos     0e86e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointer_limit            0e8744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointer_limit_layers     0e87c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointer_set_position     0e8834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_position 0e88c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_set_mouse_bounds  0e894c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_native_key            0e89f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_raw_key               0e8a04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_set_raw_key           0e8a18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_rootwin       0e8a2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_get_rootwin_toolboxid 0e8a40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_get_rootwin_box       0e8ab0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_win_cleanup           0e8b04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_win_initialise        0e8bdc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_bmp_redirect_output 0e8ca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_bmp_restore_output 0e8d68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_reset_origin          0e8dbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_set_origin            0e8de0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_win_clear_mouse_set_position 0e8df8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_report_windows        0e8e10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
riscos_set_border_colour 0e8f04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
layers_offset_box        0e8f44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(coords.o)
layers_in_rect           0e8f78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(coords.o)
layers_box_intersect     0e8fb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipbox.o)
layers_win_toscreen_box  0e9048 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_toscreen_point 0e9068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_fromscreen_box 0e909c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_fromscreen_point 0e90c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_toscreen_box 0e90f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_toscreen_point 0e9114 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_fromscreen_box 0e9148 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
layers_win_info_fromscreen_point 0e916c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(toscreen_box.o)
get_soundfx              0e91a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
layers_sound_event       0e91c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
layers_key_lookup_action 0e9250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ikeymap.o)
layers_win_is_parent_of  0e92cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(winutil.o)
check_edge_proximity     0e931c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
scroll_request           0e9360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
get_edges                0e93e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
autoscroll_alarm         0e94bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
layers_win_autoscroll_check 0e95e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
layers_win_autoscroll_cancel 0e9784 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
layers_win_autoscroll_latch 0e97d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
layers_claim_drag        0e97f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
layers_clear_drag        0e9804 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
deliver_logical_click    0e9818 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
check_click_events       0e9968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
substitute__lookup       0e9a80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(substitute.o)
substitute               0e9ad0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(substitute.o)
ro_record_terminate_start 0e9bf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
output_report            0e9c10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
ro_output_termination_report 0e9c44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
layers_terminate         0e9d38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
layers_strlwr            0e9d60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strlwr.o)
file_ensuredirs          0e9da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ensuredirs.o)
file_enumdir             0e9e18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(file_enum.o)
layers_gmtime            0e9f10 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localgmtime.o)
layers_mktime            0e9f14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localmktime.o)
layers_localtime         0e9f18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(locallocaltime.o)
layers_box_union         0e9f1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(box_union.o)
sprite__op               0e9f88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
setfromarea              0e9f94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_area_initialise   0e9fa8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_create            0e9fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
setfromtag               0ea014 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_select_rp         0ea04c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_put_given         0ea08c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_put_scaled        0ea0e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_put_mask_scaled   0ea14c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_create_mask       0ea1a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_readsize          0ea1d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_restorestate      0ea228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_outputtosprite    0ea260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_outputtomask      0ea2c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
sprite_sizeof_spritecontext 0ea328 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sprite.o)
layers_resspr_get_size   0ea368 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resspr2.o)
layers_resspr_plot       0ea3ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resspr2.o)
get_encoding             0ea43c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_encoding_tidyup  0ea4e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_fn               0ea540 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_utf8_to_system_alphabet 0ea5a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_encoding_to_utf8 0ea654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
convert_encoding_to_utf8_sized 0ea69c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
layers_collate           0ea700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
layers_init_locale       0ea77c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
layers_setlocale         0ea7c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
move_param               0ea7c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
move_line                0ea7ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
intersect                0ea8a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
polygon_direction        0ea970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
layers_increase_polygon  0eab38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
layers_polygon           0eae4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(polygon.o)
os_swix                  0eaeac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi                   0eaeb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi0                  0eaec0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi1                  0eaee4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi2                  0eaf04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi3                  0eaf20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi4                  0eaf44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi6                  0eaf7c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi1r                 0eafb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi2r                 0eaff4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi3r                 0eb038 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi4r                 0eb07c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_swi6r                 0eb0f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_byte                  0eb1ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_word                  0eb1ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_gbpb                  0eb210 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_file                  0eb21c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_args                  0eb228 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_find                  0eb234 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_cli                   0eb240 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
os_read_var_val          0eb260 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(os.o)
url_canonicalise         0eb2ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_canon.o)
wimp_initialise          0eb38c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_taskinit            0eb3c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_wind         0eb410 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_icon         0eb444 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_delete_wind         0eb478 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_delete_icon         0eb4a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_open_wind           0eb4d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_open_wind2          0eb504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_close_wind          0eb548 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_redraw_wind         0eb574 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_update_wind         0eb5a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_rectangle       0eb5dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_wind_state      0eb610 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_wind_state2     0eb644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_wind_info       0eb6a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_icon_state      0eb6c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_icon_info       0eb6f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_point_info      0eb744 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_drag_box            0eb78c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_force_redraw        0eb7b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_caret_pos       0eb7c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_get_caret_pos       0eb7d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_menu         0eb7fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_decode_menu         0eb824 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_which_icon          0eb84c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_extent          0eb888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_set_point_shape     0eb8b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_open_template       0eb8c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_close_template      0eb8ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_load_template       0eb910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_processkey          0eb920 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_closedown           0eb930 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_taskclose           0eb954 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_starttask           0eb980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_getwindowoutline    0eb9a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_ploticon            0eb9cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setmode             0eb9f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_readpalette         0eba18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setpalette          0eba78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setcolour           0ebaa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_baseofsprites       0ebac4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_blockcopy           0ebaec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_reporterror         0ebb38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_sendmessage         0ebb3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_sendwmessage        0ebb54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_create_submenu      0ebb80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_slotsize            0ebba8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_transferblock       0ebbe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_spriteop            0ebc18 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_spriteop_full       0ebc40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_setfontcolours      0ebc50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_readpixtrans        0ebc68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
wimp_commandwindow       0ebcd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp.o)
layers_boxes_overlap     0ebd34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(boxes_overlap.o)
split_message            0ebd70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fmttext.o)
layers_write_text_in_box 0ebe44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fmttext.o)
layers_write_text_in_box_height 0ebff0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fmttext.o)
print_pagesize           0ec06c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_selectjob          0ec0c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_endjob             0ec144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_abortjob           0ec19c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_giverectangle      0ec1f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_drawpage           0ec244 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_getrectangle       0ec2b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_open               0ec318 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_close              0ec35c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_command            0ec380 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
print_in_progress        0ec3d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
next_string              0ec4fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
next_num                 0ec55c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
restore_font             0ec5a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
persist_font             0ec62c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
dispose_font             0ec84c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
font_config_init         0ec898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
layers_plinth            0ec8f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(renderplinth.o)
colourtran_select_table  0ecaa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_select_GCOLtable 0ecacc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_returnGCOL    0ecaf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_setGCOL       0ecb2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_colournumber 0ecb78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_GCOLformode 0ecbac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_colourformode 0ecbe4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_OppGCOL 0ecc1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_setOppGCOL    0ecc50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_Oppcolournumber 0ecc9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_OppGCOLformode 0eccd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_return_Oppcolourformode 0ecd08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_GCOL_tocolournumber 0ecd40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_colournumbertoGCOL 0ecd74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_returnfontcolours 0ecda8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_setfontcolours 0ece20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_invalidate_cache 0ece98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
colourtran_convert_device_colour 0ecebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colourtran.o)
memzone_init             0ecefc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
memzone_alloc            0ecf88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
memzone_tidy             0ed02c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
memzone_destroy          0ed078 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memzone.o)
layers_process_utf8_full 0ed0a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(processutf8.o)
layers_process_utf8      0ed1e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(processutf8.o)
layers_process_utf8_count 0ed218 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(processutf8.o)
skip_space               0ed250 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(skipspace.o)
skip_space_or_comma      0ed278 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(skipspace.o)
skip_to_space_or_comma   0ed2a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(skipspace.o)
layers_version           0ed2d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_release_date      0ed2e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_build_time        0ed2f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_build_date        0ed308 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(release_version.o)
layers_setenv            0ed31c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(setenv.o)
layers_getenv            0ed428 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getenv.o)
layers_getenv_num        0ed42c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(getenv.o)
parse_val                0ed464 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_process_cmdline 0ed4e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_flex_mem_size   0ed604 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_flex_mem_size_set 0ed614 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_heap_mem_size   0ed628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_heap_mem_size_set 0ed63c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
useropts_dont_open_window 0ed650 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
da_resizer               0ed664 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_findbyname            0ed6c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_init                  0ed774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_freeall               0ed7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_allocator             0ed7f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
da_report                0ed8f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
sbrk                     0ed97c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_extend_top        0edaa0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
MemHeap_malloc           0edc78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
MemHeap_free             0ee0ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_trim              0ee344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
bin_init                 0ee42c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
heap_init                0ee4b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
heap_stats               0ee504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
cleanup                  0ee570 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap2_init               0ee580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_realloc             0ee628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_alloc               0ee7cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_free                0ee7d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_allocmode           0ee88c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_dump_to_fn          0ee890 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap_dump                0ee968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
ro_requeue_key           0ee978 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
ro_requeue_event         0ee9d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
ro_requeue_toolbox       0eea34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
ro_requeue_process_next  0eea90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
kernel_rma_alloc         0eeae0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
kernel_rma_free          0eeb28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
rma_claim                0eeb3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
rma_release              0eebc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_claim           0eebfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_release         0eec68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_address         0eecb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_block           0eeccc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
lookup_tag               0eed58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
find_tag                 0eede8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
tag_value                0eee68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
confman_env_create       0eee70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
internetevent_claim      0ef0fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
internetevent_release    0ef188 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_claim         0ef1e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_release       0ef264 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_set           0ef2c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_get           0ef334 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
socketpoll_cleanup       0ef394 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
ro_socketpoll_handler    0ef3d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
ro_modechange_handler    0ef3fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_modechange.o)
ro_modechange_initialise 0ef450 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_modechange.o)
layers_clipboard_clear   0ef468 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_set     0ef46c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_get     0ef4a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_contains 0ef50c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
clipboard_handler        0ef510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
layers_clipboard_initialise 0ef554 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_clipboard.o)
process_combining_key    0ef5a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
combinerfep_callback     0ef6b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
layers_combinerfep_cleanup 0ef704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
layers_combinerfep_initialise 0ef718 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
get_positive_selection_bounds 0ef74c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
clear_highlight          0ef788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
clear_selected           0ef7f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
copy_selected            0ef83c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
cut_selected             0ef884 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
delete_selected          0ef8f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
replace_selected         0ef944 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
paste_selected           0ef9b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
adjust_selected          0efa44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_replace_char      0efb0c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_cut               0efb64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_copy              0efb94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_paste             0efbc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_delete            0efc00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_left       0efc30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_right      0efc3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_up         0efc48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_down       0efc68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_start_of_line 0efc88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_end_of_line 0efc94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_line       0efca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_select_all        0efd40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_newline           0efdbc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_left        0efe08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_right       0efe3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_up          0efe70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_clear_down        0efea4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_drag_move         0efed8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_drag_start        0eff58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
action_drag_end          0eff70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
call_fn                  0eff9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
process_key              0effc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
process_single_click     0f0090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
selectionfep_callback    0f0144 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
layers_selectionfep_cleanup 0f0330 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
layers_selectionfep_initialise 0f0344 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
layers_textareapeer_select 0f038c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
checkswi                 0f03cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_process_key          0f03d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_cancel               0f0528 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_get_candidate_list_info 0f05ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_get_candidate_list_entry 0f061c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_supports_language    0f066c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_claim                0f06ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_deviceclaim       0f06e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_deviceclaim_bounce 0f0704 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_deviceinuse       0f075c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
handle_imechanged        0f07b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
message_imechanged_handler 0f07bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
message_deviceinuse_handler 0f07dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
message_deviceclaim_handler 0f0800 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
messageack_handler       0f0834 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
claim_ime_device         0f086c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ro_ime_cleanup           0f090c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ro_ime_initialise        0f0914 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
htmlise_strdup           0f0994 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(htmlise.o)
filewatcher_poll         0f0a9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
filewatcher_init         0f0b80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
filewatcher_final        0f0c40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
layers_set_notify        0f0ca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(notify2.o)
layers_notify_event      0f0cc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(notify2.o)
layers_nvram_read        0f0ce8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_write       0f0d50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_read 0f0da8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_write 0f0e50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_read_check 0f0ef0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
layers_nvram_process_write_check 0f0f54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(nvram.o)
coords_x_toscreen        0f0fb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_y_toscreen        0f0fc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_x_toworkarea      0f0fd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_y_toworkarea      0f0fec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_box_toscreen      0f1000 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_box_toworkarea    0f105c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_point_toscreen    0f10b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_point_toworkarea  0f10f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_withinbox         0f1130 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_offsetbox         0f11d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_intersects        0f1208 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
coords_boxesoverlap      0f1280 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_coords.o)
resource_get             0f12c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_resources.o)
resource_release         0f134c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_resources.o)
boolean_text_restore     0f1378 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
string_text_restore      0f1408 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
signed_decimal_text_restore 0f1448 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
unsigned_decimal_text_restore 0f1474 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
hex_text_restore         0f14a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
character_text_restore   0f14cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_number_text_list_restore 0f1510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_unsigned_list_text_restore 0f1620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_signed_list_text_restore 0f1628 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
hex_list_text_restore    0f1630 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
unsigned_decimal_list_text_restore 0f163c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
signed_decimal_list_text_restore 0f1648 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
confman_free_simple_element 0f1654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_common.o)
utf8_accumulate          0f1680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
riscos_latin1_to_UCS4    0f1718 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
layers_key_to_UCS4       0f174c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
menu_get_entry_help_message 0f1878 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_get_click_event     0f18ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_add_entry           0f1924 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_get_height          0f198c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_get_sub_menu_show   0f19c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_set_fade            0f19fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
menu_set_tick            0f1a34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_set_extent        0f1a6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_get_extent        0f1aa4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_force_redraw      0f1adc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_get_wimp_handle   0f1b14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
window_wimp_to_toolbox   0f1b4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_get_flags         0f1bc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_set_flags         0f1bf8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_get_bbox          0f1c30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
gadget_move_gadget       0f1c68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_show_object      0f1ca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_get_object_state 0f1ce8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_get_object_class 0f1d20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_delete_object    0f1d58 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_create_object    0f1d70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_template_lookup  0f1da8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolbox_hide_object      0f1de0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_state     0f1df8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_set_state     0f1e34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_ident     0f1e70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_pressed   0f1ebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_set_pressed   0f1ef8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
toolaction_get_action    0f1f34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
writablefield_set_value  0f1fb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
writablefield_get_value  0f1fe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_set_fade  0f203c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_get_fade  0f20b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_selectable 0f2120 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_setfield  0f2168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_getwriteable 0f22e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_setval    0f23a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_setstate  0f2494 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_window_handle 0f2498 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
layers_toolbox_toolactionpress 0f24d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_toolbox.o)
xfgets                   0f2534 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(xfgets.o)
fskipline                0f25c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fskipline.o)
strcasestr               0f25f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(strcasestr.o)
layers_strftime          0f2670 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
ro_strftime              0f26a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
layers_browser_strftime  0f27b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
layers_fep_register      0f294c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
layers_fep_deregister    0f2990 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
layers_fep_call          0f29d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
colour_compare_function  0f30cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
layers_colour_lookup_name 0f30d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
layers_colour_parse_number 0f32b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
layers_colour_parse      0f33c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
linklist_addtohead       0f3418 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_addtotail       0f3438 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_listlength      0f345c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_unlink          0f3484 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
linklist_contains        0f34b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(linklist.o)
layers_box_resize        0f34dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(box_resize.o)
layers_time_millisecs    0f3510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localtimemillisecs.o)
MemHeap_realloc          0f3558 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(realloc.o)
malloc_update_mallinfo   0f3828 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
malloc_stats             0f38e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
MemHeap_mallinfo         0f38e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
MemHeap_mallopt          0f3928 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(mallocstat.o)
confman__build_tag_name  0f398c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_text_persist_header 0f39e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
string__text_persist     0f3b24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
boolean_text_persist     0f3bb4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
string_text_persist      0f3c04 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
signed_decimal_text_persist 0f3c40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
unsigned_decimal_text_persist 0f3ca0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
hex_text_persist         0f3d00 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
character_text_persist   0f3d64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
comment_text_persist     0f3da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
number_list_text_persist 0f3dd0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
hex_list_text_persist    0f3ea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
unsigned_decimal_list_text_persist 0f3ef0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
signed_decimal_list_text_persist 0f3f38 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
compare_tags             0f4010 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
sort_config              0f4058 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
search_config            0f40e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
find_tag                 0f4124 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
tag_value                0f41dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
count_lines              0f41ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
trim_value               0f426c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
parse_config             0f42a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
persist_undeclared       0f45a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
persist_file             0f46b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
text_dispose             0f4810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman__text_create     0f483c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_text_create_data 0f4920 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_text_create      0f4970 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
confman_find_element     0f49ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
find_datatype            0f49cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_find_component   0f49e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
info_array_scan          0f4a34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
data_array_build         0f4a80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
restore_element          0f4b78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__restore_component 0f4c44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
refind_tags              0f4c9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
persist__element         0f4d20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
persist_element          0f4e08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__persist_component 0f4e88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__undeclare_component 0f4f50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_dispose          0f5090 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_restore  0f50ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_persist  0f5118 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_declare_component 0f522c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_undeclare_component 0f52d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_manager_merge    0f5310 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman__ensure_space    0f5350 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
confman_replace_string   0f53c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(confman.o)
make_sockaddr            0f5414 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
get_addrport             0f548c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
canonicalerror_internal  0f54e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_name       0f5544 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_parse_addr        0f55ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_connect    0f55cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_recv       0f5698 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_send       0f5710 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_open       0f5788 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_bind       0f5810 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_accept     0f5898 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_listen     0f592c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_getinfo    0f5944 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_reuseaddr  0f59d8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socketioctl2             0f5a24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_change_socket_direction 0f5a94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_make_socket_asynchronous 0f5a9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_async_change_handle 0f5b44 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_close      0f5b78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_recvready  0f5c60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_sendready  0f5d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
ro_sockets_report        0f5e14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
url__canonicalise_path   0f5eac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_cpath.o)
akbd_pollsh              0f5fb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
akbd_pollctl             0f600c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
akbd_pollalt             0f6060 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
akbd_pollkey             0f60b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(akbd.o)
webfonts__parse_mapping_line 0f615c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfonts_parse_mapping_file 0f63e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_mapping_find_typeface 0f6644 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_mapping_tidyup   0f6740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
font_cacheaddress        0f67b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_find                0f680c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_lose                0f6844 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readdef             0f6868 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readinfo            0f68c8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_strwidth            0f6910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_paint               0f6980 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_caret               0f69a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_converttoos         0f69d4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_converttopoints     0f6a14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setfont             0f6a54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_current             0f6a78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_future              0f6ac0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_findcaret           0f6b08 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_charbbox            0f6b68 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readscalefactor     0f6bb8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setscalefactor      0f6bf4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_list                0f6c1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setcolour           0f6c98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setpalette          0f6cc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_readthresholds      0f6cec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_setthresholds       0f6d14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_findcaretj          0f6d3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_stringbbox          0f6da4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_to_null      0f6df0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_size         0f6e64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_to_buffer    0f6ea8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
font_output_to_screen    0f6f14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font.o)
layers_esc_separator     0f6f48 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(escaped_string.o)
layers_esc_strncpy       0f6f9c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(escaped_string.o)
bbc_mode                 0f7018 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_palette              0f7044 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_tint                 0f70d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_point                0f7168 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vduvar               0f7198 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vduvars              0f71d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vduq                 0f71e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_clg                  0f726c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_gwindow              0f7274 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_origin               0f72e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_gcol                 0f732c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_move                 0f7370 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_moveby               0f7380 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_draw                 0f7390 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_drawby               0f73a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_rectangle            0f73b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_rectanglefill        0f7438 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_circle               0f746c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_circlefill           0f74a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_fill                 0f74dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_cls                  0f74ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_colour               0f74f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_pos                  0f7520 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_vpos                 0f754c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_cursor               0f7578 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_tab                  0f75b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_stringprint          0f75f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_soundon              0f7608 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_soundoff             0f7630 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_voices               0f7654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_getbeat              0f768c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_getbeats             0f76b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_setbeats             0f76e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_gettempo             0f7700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_settempo             0f772c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_stereo               0f774c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_sound                0f7774 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_adval                0f77dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
bbc_inkey                0f7848 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
ro_get_image_trans       0f7894 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imagetrans.o)
layers_box_calculate_offset 0f7b5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(box_calcoffset.o)
set_sprite_name          0f7cfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_white_byte           0f7d2c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
fillin_scales            0f7d34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_put_bytes            0f7d90 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_seek_fn              0f7ed4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_rec_fn               0f7ee0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_free_component       0f8068 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic__ready_component     0f8104 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
find_uic                 0f8264 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_ready_component      0f82b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_ready_animation_component 0f8364 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
uic_initialise           0f840c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
encoding__load_map_file  0f84e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(encodingmap.o)
encoding_current_alphabet 0f86c0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(encodingmap.o)
encoding_alphabet_ucs_table 0f8700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(encodingmap.o)
socketpoll               0f8760 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets2.o)
find_item                0f8880 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
list_bestitem            0f88c4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_eventhandler   0f8918 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
claim_clipboard          0f8b50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard__Create        0f8bc8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Create         0f8c70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_CreateList     0f8ca4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Destroy        0f8cd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Data           0f8d40 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Local          0f8d6c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
copy_list                0f8d80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
send_request             0f8dc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clipboard_Paste          0f8e80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
layers_imefep_control    0f8ebc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_enabled    0f8f24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_active     0f8f34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
imefep_callback          0f8f54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_cleanup    0f9198 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_imefep_initialise 0f91ac + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
layers_configuration_restore 0f9224 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_fns.o)
layers_configuration_persist 0f927c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_fns.o)
$a                       0f928c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
bbc_get                  0f928c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
C$$code                  0f928c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
bbc_vduw                 0f929c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
bbc_vdu                  0f92a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(swi.o)
imesupport_process_key   0f92b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imesupport.o)
imesupport_cancel        0f9578 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imesupport.o)
ime_menu_clear           0f9684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_dispose         0f9700 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
get_font                 0f9740 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_create          0f97a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_update_selection 0f98e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
get_offset               0f99cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
ime_menu_show            0f9a24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imemenu.o)
scan_attr                0f9b70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imeattr.o)
ime_attr_update_list     0f9c1c + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imeattr.o)
ime_attr_get_significant 0f9c84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imeattr.o)
find_enclist             0fa3b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_new             0fa3f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_delete          0fa4cc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_reset           0fa510 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_read            0fa53c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_write           0fa58c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_max_char_size   0fa5b4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_default_language 0fa5dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_default_mime_type 0fa608 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_table_ptr       0fa670 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_n_table_entries 0fa680 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_lookup_in_table 0fa690 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_table_free      0fa6dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_initialise      0fa73c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_tidyup          0fa758 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_table_remove_unused 0fa7a0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
look_for_table           0fa81c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
add_to_list              0fa888 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
mime_token_char          0fa8a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding__number_from_name 0fa934 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_set_flags       0faa24 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_number_from_name 0faa3c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_load_map_file   0faa88 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_discard_map_file 0fabc0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding_set_alloc_fns   0fabd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
UCS4_to_UTF8             0fabf0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_to_UCS4             0fac80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_codelen             0fadb0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_seqlen              0fadfc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_next                0fae4c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_prev                0fae78 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_next_n              0fae8c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_strlen_n            0faed0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
UTF8_strlen              0faf14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(utf8.o)
unictype_lookup          0faf54 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
unictype_init            0faf94 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
unictype_is_ideograph    0faf98 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
get_return_val           0fb158 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(autojp.o)
autojp_consume           0fb188 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(autojp.o)
autojp_consume_string    0fb34c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(autojp.o)
combine_characters       0fb3e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(combine.o)
ascii_read               0fb490 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ascii.o)
ascii_write              0fb504 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ascii.o)
simple_double_next_code_94 0fb568 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
null_double_next_code    0fb5e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
simple_next_code_94      0fb5f0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
simple_next_code_96      0fb654 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
null_next_code_94        0fb684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
null_next_code_96        0fb6b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_ls               0fb6bc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_lsr              0fb6d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_ss               0fb6e4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_find_table       0fb72c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
set_free                 0fb7e8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_select_set       0fb828 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_free_write_tables 0fb948 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_delete           0fb998 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_reset            0fb9ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_esc              0fbc14 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_esc_cont         0fbc34 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_read             0fbea4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
write_index              0fc0f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_scan_tables      0fc198 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_write_shifts     0fc220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_scan_sets        0fc5a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
iso2022_write_euc        0fc620 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
kanji_to_ucs             0fc74c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_reset           0fc874 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_read            0fc910 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
lookup_table             0fca84 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_write           0fcb74 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
shiftjis_delete          0fccd4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
utf7_reset               0fcd5c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
utf7_read                0fcd70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
output                   0fcf50 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
utf7_write               0fcf80 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
utf8_reset               0fd1fc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
utf8_read                0fd220 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
utf8_write               0fd398 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
ucs4_reset               0fd440 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
ucs4_read                0fd460 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
write_be                 0fd55c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
write_le                 0fd580 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
ucs4_write               0fd5a8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
utf16_reset              0fd684 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
utf16_read               0fd6a4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
write_be                 0fd7e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
write_le                 0fd7f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
utf16_write              0fd814 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
bigfive_to_ucs           0fd958 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_reset            0fd9d0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_read             0fda20 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_write            0fdae4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
bigfive_delete           0fdbd8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
eightbit_reset           0fdbe8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
eightbit_read            0fdc30 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
eightbit_write           0fdcc4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
eightbit_delete          0fdd60 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
hangul_to_ucs            0fdd70 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
hanja_to_ucs             0fde64 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_reset              0fded8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_read               0fdf28 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
ucs_hangul_to_johab      0fe084 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
ucs_jamo_to_johab        0fe104 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_write              0fe12c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
johab_delete             0fe288 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
window_offset            0fe298 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
default_lock_to          0fe2f8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
scsu_reset               0fe324 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
scsu_read                0fe3f4 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
window_offset_for_character 0fe770 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
find_dynamic_window      0fe7dc + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
find_dynamic_window_with_next 0fe824 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
find_static_window       0fe878 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
lru_window               0fe8b8 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
is_valid_ascii           0fe8ec + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
is_single_byte           0fe920 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
output                   0fe968 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
scsu_write               0fe994 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
acorn_write              0ff1b0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(acorn.o)
system_reset             0ff248 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
system_read              0ff2e0 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
system_write             0ff360 + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
system_delete            0ff40c + |C$$code| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
dispatch                 0ff428 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_dispatch           0ff454 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_poll               0ff478 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_poll_idle          0ff510 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_register_wimp_handler 0ff598 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_wimp_handler 0ff59c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_wimp_handlers_for_object 0ff5a0 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_register_toolbox_handler 0ff5a4 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_toolbox_handler 0ff5a8 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_toolbox_handlers_for_object 0ff5ac + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_register_message_handler 0ff5b0 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_deregister_message_handler 0ff5b4 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_set_mask           0ff5b8 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_get_mask           0ff5d0 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event_initialise         0ff5f4 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
make_error               0ff610 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
hash                     0ff624 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
toolbox_event_matches    0ff654 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
call_toolbox_handlers    0ff6a0 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_dispatch         0ff768 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_register_toolbox_handler 0ff814 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_deregister_toolbox_handler 0ff914 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent_deregister_toolbox_handlers_for_object 0ffa38 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
make_error               0ffb08 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_message_matches  0ffb1c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_dispatch         0ffb50 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_register_message_handler 0ffc08 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg_deregister_message_handler 0ffccc + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
make_error               0ffd70 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimp_event_matches       0ffd84 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
call_wimp_event_handlers 0ffddc + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_dispatch       0ffeac + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_register_wimp_handler 0fff70 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_deregister_wimp_handler 100070 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent_deregister_wimp_handlers_for_object 100184 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
htonl                    100254 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
htons                    100258 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
ntohl                    10025c + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
ntohs                    100270 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.htonl)
inet_addr                100284 + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.inet_addr)
inet_aton                1002ac + |C$$code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/TCPIPLibs/inetlibzm.o(z.inet_addr)
$a                       10043c + |FPCODE| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(setfpsr.o)
FPCODE                   10043c + |FPCODE| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(setfpsr.o)
layers_mask_fp_traps     10043c + |FPCODE| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(setfpsr.o)
set_fpsr                 100444 + |FPCODE| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(setfpsr.o)
$a                       10045c + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Stub$$Code               10045c + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_clib_initialisemodule   100588 + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_clib_entermodule        1005a4 + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$d                       1005c4 + |Stub$$Code| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
$d                       100614 + |RTSK$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
RTSK$$Data               100614 + |RTSK$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Stub$$Entries            100614 + |Stub$$Entries| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
config_data_access       10063c + |C$$data| from object file objr/access_config.o
access_config_info       10066c + |C$$data| from object file objr/access_config.o
access_schemes           1008cc + |C$$data| from object file objr/access2.o
access_pending_list      1008f0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/access2.o
user_agent_hdr           1008f4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
content_type_hdr         100900 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
accept_type_hdr          10090c + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
accept_language_hdr      100918 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
accept_charset_hdr       100924 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
authenticate_hdr         100930 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
proxy_authenticate_hdr   10093c + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
referer_hdr              100948 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
from_hdr                 100954 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
nocache_hdr              100960 + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
host_hdr                 10096c + |C$$data| from object file objr/acchttp.o
access_scheme_list       100978 + |C$$data| from object file objr/accscheme.o
mime_assocs              10097c + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
g_default_plugin_module  100980 + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
g_default_plugin_adaptor 100984 + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
plugin_assoc_is_initialised 100988 + |C$$data| from object file objr/antplugin.o
realm_first              10098c + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_first               100990 + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
auth_type_names          100994 + |C$$data| from object file objr/auth.o
allow_list               1009a0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/authallow.o
deny_list                1009a4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/authallow.o
document_list            1009a8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
mousedoc                 1009ac + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
mouseitem                1009b0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
mouselink                1009b4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
logged__on               1009c4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/backend.o
browser_list             1009c8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
connection_status        1009cc + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
next_view_id             1009d0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
browser__cmd_available_fn_table 1009d4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_map_NORMAL   1009e4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_map_FRAME_LINK 100a98 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_map_INPUT    100ae0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
default_key_maps         100bb8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_w              100bdc + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
highlight_window_fns     100be0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
rootwinfns               100c34 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
viewfns                  100c48 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_dx              100c5c + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
frontend_dy              100c60 + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser.o
config_data_browser      100c7c + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser_config.o
browser_config_info      100cac + |C$$data| from object file objr/browser_config.o
diskcache                10125c + |C$$data| from object file objr/cache5.o
domain_list              101288 + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_count             10128c + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_len               1012a4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
cookie_http_header       1012a8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/cookie.o
frame_link_sprite_uhl    1012b8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/framelinks.o
frame_link_sprite_hl     1012c8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/framelinks.o
spacer_w_fns             1012d8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/frameutils.o
spacer_animation_w       1012ec + |C$$data| from object file objr/frameutils.o
gbf_flags                1012f0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/gbf.o
hl_render_fs             1012f4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/highlight.o
hl_render_aref           101300 + |C$$data| from object file objr/highlight.o
hl_render_win_box        101304 + |C$$data| from object file objr/highlight.o
history_id_value         101314 + |C$$data| from object file objr/history2.o
global_hist_list         101318 + |C$$data| from object file objr/history_global.o
global_count             10131c + |C$$data| from object file objr/history_global.o
global_id_value          101320 + |C$$data| from object file objr/history_global.o
oimage__map              101324 + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
oimage__map_max          10132c + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
cont                     101334 + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
t_last                   101338 + |C$$data| from object file objr/imagemapr.o
b_suspend_animations     101348 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
image_list               10134c + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
image_last               101350 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
being_fetched            101354 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
do_memory_panic          101358 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
disallow_memory_panic    10135c + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
iSuppressRecursiveFetch  101360 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
next_callback            101364 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
plotters                 101368 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
translators              101388 + |C$$data| from object file objr/images.o
config_data_larch        1013b4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/larch_config.o
larch_config_info        1013e4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/larch_config.o
divider_current_index    101474 + |C$$data| from object file objr/layout.o
object_table             101478 + |C$$data| from object file objr/object.o
button_names             101730 + |C$$data| from object file objr/oinput.o
have_selected_sprites    101750 + |C$$data| from object file objr/oinput.o
paginate                 101764 + |C$$data| from object file objr/printing.o
last_page                101768 + |C$$data| from object file objr/printing.o
job                      10176c + |C$$data| from object file objr/printing.o
no_ridcheck              101770 + |C$$data| from object file objr/ridcheck.o
MIME_TYPE                101774 + |C$$data| from object file objr/submit.o
halign_table             1017ac + |C$$data| from object file objr/tables.o
valign_table             1017e4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/tables.o
no_value                 10180c + |C$$data| from object file objr/tables.o
hexchars                 10183c + |C$$data| from object file objr/url.o
program_name             101850 + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
ua_name                  101854 + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
client_version           101858 + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
version                  10185c + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
ua_subs                  101860 + |C$$data| from object file objr/version.o
valid_plugins_list       101888 + |C$$data| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
valid_streams_list       10188c + |C$$data| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
riscos_adaptor_class     101890 + |C$$data| from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
build_time               1018d8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/buildtime.o
build_date               1018e4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/buildtime.o
wimp_version             1018f0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
entered_modal_loop       1018f4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
ro_disable_all_events    1018f8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
message_codes            1018fc + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
m_block                  1019a8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
tb_block                 1019b8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
tb_task_handle           1019d0 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
tb_list                  1019d4 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
active                   1019d8 + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
last_event               1019dc + |C$$data| from object file objr/main.o
class_names              1019e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_current_password_username 101a34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_current_password_password 101a38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_current_okcancel_cancel 101a3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
fe_current_prompt_response 101a40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_dialogue.o)
g_browser                101b64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
fe_window                101b68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
current_view             101b6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
g_browser_cbs            101b70 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
current_status           101bb4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
cli_url                  101bb8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(frontend.o)
sections                 101bc4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
backend_key_maps         101c08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
list                     101c44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
list_size                101c48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
writeables_map           101c4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_keys.o)
status_state             101c50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_static_animation_withtoolbar 101c54 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_static_all_components_fade 101c58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
turn_ctr                 101c5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
turn_start               101c60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
bar_descriptor_list      101c64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
bar_list                 101c68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tb_cycle_codec           101c6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
tile_sprite              101c70 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
toolbar_alarm_database   101c74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_toolbar.o)
config_data_fe_pelican   101c78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
fe_pelican_config_info   101cb4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
fe_pelican_datatypes     101f74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_pelican_config.o)
goto_url_list            101fb0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
goto_url_subs            101fb4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
goto_url_node_2          101fcc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
goto_url_node_1          101fd8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_goto_url.o)
hotlist_changed          101fe4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_count            101fe8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_category_count   101fec + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
subs_0_buf               101ff0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_subs             101ff8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
subs_cat_buf             102030 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_cat_subs         102038 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_4           102068 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_3           102074 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_2           102080 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_node_1           10208c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_cats_node_2      102098 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
hotlist_cats_node_1      1020a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
content_tag_list         102178 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
toolbar_plugin           1021b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
toolbar_id               1021b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
is_helper                1021bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
current_actions_bitfield 1021c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
recording                1021c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
blank_time               1021c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_codec.o)
fe_internal_memdump_string1 1021cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
SENDURL_PREFIX           1024a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
loadurl_last             1024b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_action_table 1024c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_defs         10261c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_defs2        102630 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
fe_internal_panel_function_table 102644 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
osk_context              1027b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
oskfep_class             1027e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
print__copies            1027f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
print_sizes              1027f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
print__first             102808 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_print.o)
subs_0_buf               10285c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
subs_3_buf               102864 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
subs_6_buf               10286c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
hist_subs                102874 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
recent_hist_node_2       1028cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
recent_hist_node_1       1028d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_a_hist_node_2     1028e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_a_hist_node_1     1028f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_t_hist_node_2     1028fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
global_t_hist_node_1     102908 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
include_frames           102914 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
def_callback             102918 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
file_parsers             102980 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
lcralign_table           1029e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
jalign_table             102a08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(builders.o)
css__weight_bolder       102a3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
css__weight_lighter      102a70 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(cssbridge.o)
autofix                  102aac + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(deliver.o)
htmldefs_stringtable     102b64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_stringlengths   102ff0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_templates       103114 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_requirements    1031f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_attributeslist  10384c + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_attributestable 103cec + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_elements        1041fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
htmldefs_language        104ec8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(htmldefs.o)
ol_type_match            104f44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
empty_string             104f4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
space_string             104f54 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
eol_string               104f5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
esearch_stringtable      104f6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
parse_table              104f84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(elements.o)
entity_names             104fc0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
pc_translate_keys        105550 + |C$$data| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(entities.o)
connections              105590 + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
httpthreaded             105598 + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
connections              10559c + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
webftpthreaded           1055a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(webftpveneers.o)
timeouts                 1055a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
g_ecma_goto_list         1055ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
inside_setimage          1055b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
in_interpret             1055b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
in_destroy               1055b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
in_timeout               1055bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__error              1055c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__aborted            1055c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__current_doc        1055c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__current_domain     1055cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
ecma__current_depth      1055d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
g_current_jsecontext     1055d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
g_context_depth          1055d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
nContexts                1055dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
nFrees                   1055e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
nContinues               1055e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
appName                  1055e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
appVersion               1055ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
mymime                   1055f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecma.o)
g_window_cbs             105634 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_document_cbs           105650 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_location_cbs           10566c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_anchor_cbs             105688 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_link_cbs               1056a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_form_cbs               1056c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_image_cbs              1056dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_element_cbs            1056f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_option_array_cbs       105714 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_option_cbs             105730 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_history_cbs            10574c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
g_framearray_cbs         105768 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
property_array           105784 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
ecma_property_names      105868 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
appCodeName_PROPERTY     10594c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
appName_PROPERTY         105958 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
appVersion_PROPERTY      105960 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
availHeight_PROPERTY     10596c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
availLeft_PROPERTY       105978 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
availTop_PROPERTY        105984 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
availWidth_PROPERTY      105990 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
closed_PROPERTY          10599c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
colorDepth_PROPERTY      1059a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
defaultChecked_PROPERTY  1059b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
defaultSelected_PROPERTY 1059c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
defaultValue_PROPERTY    1059d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
description_PROPERTY     1059e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
document_PROPERTY        1059ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
enabledPlugin_PROPERTY   1059f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
filename_PROPERTY        105a08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
form_PROPERTY            105a14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
frames_PROPERTY          105a1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
index_PROPERTY           105a24 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
mimeTypes_PROPERTY       105a2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
navigator_PROPERTY       105a38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
opener_PROPERTY          105a44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
pixelDepth_PROPERTY      105a4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
platform_PROPERTY        105a58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
screen_PROPERTY          105a64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
suffixes_PROPERTY        105a6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
userAgent_PROPERTY       105a78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
BrowserLibFunctionList   105a84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
optthreaded              105d84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sebrowse.o)
jseFPx10000              105d88 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseFPx100000000          105d90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
jseFPx7fffffff           105d98 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(jseengin.o)
globalStringTable        105da0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ObjectNameStr            105e18 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ObjectProtoList          105e24 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
FunctionNameStr          105e84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
ZeroStr                  105e90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
FunctionProtoList        105e94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(util.o)
seNaN                    105ef8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seecma.o)
seInfinity               105f00 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seecma.o)
PROTOTYPE_PROPERTY       105f08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
DELETE_PROPERTY          105f14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
PUT_PROPERTY             105f1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CANPUT_PROPERTY          105f24 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
GET_PROPERTY             105f2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
HASPROPERTY_PROPERTY     105f34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CALL_PROPERTY            105f44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
DYN_DEFAULT_PROPERTY     105f4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CLASS_PROPERTY           105f58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
VALUE_PROPERTY           105f60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CONSTRUCT_PROPERTY       105f68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CONSTRUCTOR_PROPERTY     105f74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
DEFAULT_PROPERTY         105f80 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
PARENT_PROPERTY          105f90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
ORIG_PROTOTYPE_PROPERTY  105f9c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
LENGTH_PROPERTY          105fa8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
PREFERRED_PROPERTY       105fb0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
ARGUMENTS_PROPERTY       105fc0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
CALLEE_PROPERTY          105fcc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
VALUEOF_PROPERTY         105fd4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
TOSTRING_PROPERTY        105fdc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
TOSOURCE_PROPERTY        105fe8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
OBJECT_PROPERTY          105ff4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
FUNCTION_PROPERTY        105ffc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
ARRAY_PROPERTY           106008 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
NUMBER_PROPERTY          106010 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
BUFFER_PROPERTY          106018 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
STRING_PROPERTY          106020 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
BOOLEAN_PROPERTY         106028 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
DATE_PROPERTY            106030 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
REGEXP_PROPERTY          106038 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
EXCEPTION_PROPERTY       106040 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
PROTOCLASS_PROPERTIES    106048 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
PROTOPROTO_PROPERTIES    10605c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
jse_special_math         106074 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(globldat.o)
OBJ_HELPER_DATA          106094 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobjfun.o)
WhiteSpace               1060c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
SameLineWhiteSpace       1060cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
NewLine                  1060d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
RoundDown                1060d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
RoundUp                  1060dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(utilstr.o)
jse_DBL_MAX              1060f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
jse_DBL_MIN              1060f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
seNegInfinity            106100 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
ObjectLibFunctionList    106108 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
EcmaStringFunctions      106728 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
textcoreStrings          106918 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreInitializationFunctionName 106a88 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreDeleteKeyword    106aa0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreTypeofKeyword    106aa8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreInstanceofKeyword 106ab0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreVoidKeyword      106abc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreIfKeyword        106ac4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreElseKeyword      106ac8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreSwitchKeyword    106ad0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreCaseKeyword      106ad8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreDefaultKeyword   106ae0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreWhileKeyword     106ae8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreDoKeyword        106af0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreForKeyword       106af4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreInKeyword        106af8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreTryKeyword       106afc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreThrowKeyword     106b00 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreCatchKeyword     106b08 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreFinallyKeyword   106b10 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreWithKeyword      106b18 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreBreakKeyword     106b20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreContinueKeyword  106b28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreGotoKeyword      106b34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreReturnKeyword    106b3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreNewKeyword       106b44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreVariableKeyword  106b48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreAbstractKeyword  106b4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreBooleanKeyword   106b58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreByteKeyword      106b60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreCharKeyword      106b68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreClassKeyword     106b70 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreConstKeyword     106b78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreDebuggerKeyword  106b80 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreDoubleKeyword    106b8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreEnumKeyword      106b94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreExportKeyword    106b9c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreExtendsKeyword   106ba4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreFinalKeyword     106bac + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreFloatKeyword     106bb4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreImplementsKeyword 106bbc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreImportKeyword    106bc8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreIntKeyword       106bd0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreInterfaceKeyword 106bd4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreLongKeyword      106be0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreNativeKeyword    106be8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorePackageKeyword   106bf0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorePrivateKeyword   106bf8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreProtectedKeyword 106c00 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorePublicKeyword    106c0c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreShortKeyword     106c14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreStaticKeyword    106c1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreSuperKeyword     106c24 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreSynchronizedKeyword 106c2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreThrowsKeyword    106c3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreTransientKeyword 106c44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreVolatileKeyword  106c50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_bool_true  106c5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_bool_false 106c64 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreFunctionKeyword  106c6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_undefined  106c78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_null       106c84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_object     106c8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcorevtype_Infinity   106c94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreThisVariableName 106ca0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreGlobalVariableName 106ca8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcoreMainFunctionName 106cb0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcore_ArgcName        106cb8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcore_ArgvName        106cc0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
textcore_no_filename     106cc8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(textcore.o)
DATE_VALUE_PROPERTY      106cd4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
days_in_month            106ce4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
monthnames               106d28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
daynames                 106d58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
month_names              106d74 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
DateObjectFunctionList   106da4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(sedate.o)
MathLibFunctionList      107124 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
InsufficientMemory       107494 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
EcmaMiscFunctionList     1074c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(ecmamisc.o)
compile_MEMBER           1075a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
exec_MEMBER              1075b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
global_MEMBER            1075b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
ignoreCase_MEMBER        1075c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
index_MEMBER             1075cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
input_MEMBER             1075d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
lastIndex_MEMBER         1075dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
lastMatch_MEMBER         1075e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
lastParen_MEMBER         1075f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
leftContext_MEMBER       107600 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
multiline_MEMBER         10760c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
rightContext_MEMBER      107618 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
source_MEMBER            107628 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
test_MEMBER              107630 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
regexpCallbacks          107638 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
RegExpFunctionTable      107654 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seregexp.o)
textlibStrings           1076c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(setxtlib.o)
textlibPathEnvironmentVariable 107704 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(setxtlib.o)
textlibstrEcmaFALSE      10770c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(setxtlib.o)
textlibstrEcmaTRUE       107714 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(setxtlib.o)
opDescTable              10771c + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(operator.o)
rep_min                  1079dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
rep_max                  1079e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
escapes                  1079ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pcre_default_tables      107a84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
estring                  107de4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
eint                     107e48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
pstring                  107eb8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(regex.o)
IllegalVariableChars     107f00 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(codeprt2.o)
KeyWords                 107f20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(codeprt2.o)
config_data_css          108100 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css_config.o)
css_config_info          108130 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css_config.o)
CSS_DBREF_HEAD           108160 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(dbman.o)
css_dbh                  108164 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
match_pos                108168 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(db.o)
pseudo_table             10816c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(selector.o)
yy_current_buffer        108184 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_hold_char             108188 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_n_chars               10818c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yyleng                   108190 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_c_buf_p               108194 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_init                  108198 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_start                 10819c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_did_buffer_switch_on_eof 1081a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_accept                1081a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_ec                    108c18 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_meta                  109018 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_base                  109100 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_def                   109c04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_nxt                   10a708 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_chk                   10d3e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_last_accepting_state  1100c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yy_last_accepting_cpos   1100c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
yytext                   1100c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
unit_div                 1100cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
comment_caller           1100fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
css_working_buffer       110100 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_lexer.o)
recover                  110104 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__dbh                  110108 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__sel_parser           11010c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__order                110110 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__good_selectors       110114 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__bad_selector         110118 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__allow_import         11011c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
p_cache                  110120 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
repeat_count             110130 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
float_flag               110134 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yy__override             110138 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
ffamily                  11013c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
n_ffamily                110140 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
ff_len                   110144 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yytranslate              110148 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yyr1                     110294 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yyr2                     110390 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yydefact                 11048c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yydefgoto                110698 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yypact                   1106dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yypgoto                  1108e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yytable                  11092c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yycheck                  110bb4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yychar                   110e3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yylval                   110e40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
yynerrs                  110e50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/cssrom.lib(css1a_parser.o)
config_data_webimage     110e60 + |C$$data| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage_config.o)
webimage_config_info     110e90 + |C$$data| from object file bin/webimagerom.lib(webimage_config.o)
jpeg_decoder             110ec8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
jpeg_std_message_table   110ed4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jerror.o)
first_pool_slop          1110b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
extra_pool_slop          1110b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jmemmgr.o)
jpeg_zigzag_order        1110c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
jpeg_natural_order       1111c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jutils.o)
base_dither_matrix       111300 + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jquant1.o)
extend_test              11148c + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
extend_offset            1114cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdphuff.o)
extend_test              11150c + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
extend_offset            11154c + |C$$data| from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jdhuff.o)
alpha_threshold          11158c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
dither_table             111590 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
png_decoder              112590 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(ping2.o)
png_gamma_shift          11259c + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngrtran.o)
onebppswaptable          1125bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
twobppswaptable          1126bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
fourbppswaptable         1127bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngtrans.o)
png_libpng_ver           1128bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sig                  1128c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_IHDR                 1128d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_IDAT                 1128d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_IEND                 1128e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_PLTE                 1128e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_bKGD                 1128f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_cHRM                 1128f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_gAMA                 112900 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_hIST                 112908 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_iCCP                 112910 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_iTXt                 112918 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_oFFs                 112920 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pCAL                 112928 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sCAL                 112930 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pHYs                 112938 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sBIT                 112940 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sPLT                 112948 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_sRGB                 112950 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_tEXt                 112958 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_tIME                 112960 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_tRNS                 112968 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_zTXt                 112970 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_start           112978 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_inc             112994 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_ystart          1129b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_yinc            1129cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_mask            1129e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_pass_dsp_mask        112a04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(png.o)
png_digit                112a28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/pngrom.lib(pngerror.o)
nStackCount              112a58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
stack                    112a5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
gif_decoder              112a6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(gif2.o)
masks                    112a78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/gifrom.lib(lzw.o)
s_decode_sprite2         112aac + |C$$data| from object file bin/spriterom.lib(web2_sprite.o)
s_decode_xbm             112ab8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/xbmrom.lib(xbm2.o)
crc_table                112ac8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(crc32.o)
border                   112ec8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infblock.o)
z_errmsg                 112f14 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
z_verbose                112f3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(zutil.o)
inflate_mask             112f40 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(infutil.o)
inflate_copyright        112f84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cplens                   112fb4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cplext                   113030 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cpdist                   1130ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
cpdext                   113124 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_bl                 11319c + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_bd                 1131a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_tl                 1131a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
fixed_td                 1141a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/zlibrom.lib(inftrees.o)
flexptr__base            1142a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flexptr__free            1142a8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flexptr__slot            1142ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex__page               1142b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
flex__inited             1142b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
FlexShrinkable           1142b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
s_pfnResize              1142bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
s_pvClientContext        1142c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(flex2.o)
alarms                   1142c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
set_cb                   1142c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
set_cb_context           1142cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
callback_required        1142d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(alarmlist.o)
resolveList              1142d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(resolve2.o)
cm_manager               1142d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
alt_manager              1142dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_switch.o)
msgs_block               1142e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
msgs_data                114308 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
my_sprite_area           11430c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
tmpnam_buf               114314 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
count                    114364 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
enable_anti_twitter      114368 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
flex_ptr_list            114370 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
netconnect               114374 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect.o)
error_copy_index         114378 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
spriteextend_version     11437c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
gopherentries            114380 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(url_join.o)
months                   1143c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(parsedate.o)
encode_table             1143f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uuencode.o)
pr2six                   11443c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uudecode.o)
emergency_size           11453c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
emergency_lumps          114540 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
low_memory               114580 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_task                  114584 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_taskhalt              114588 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mm_freehalt              11458c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
mem_still_low            114590 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_emergency.o)
g_modal                  114594 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
g_win                    114598 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
modal_wait_fns           1145b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
modal_wait_for_release_fns 1145c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(modal.o)
font_version             1145d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
have_symbol_font         1145dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
fonts_opened             1145e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
fonts_closed             1145e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
alarm_running            1145e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
local_cached_bg_col      1145ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
local_cached_fg_col      1145f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
looked_up_symbol_font    1145f4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
dyn_font                 1145f8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
max_dyn_font             1145fc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
webfont__currentfont     114604 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
lastrun                  11462c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
runnable_list            114630 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
task_list                114634 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(task.o)
clip_copy                114638 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_graphics.o)
defaultkeymap            114664 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
selectiondefaultkeymap   114730 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
actions_base             1147c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
actions_noedit           11482c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
actions_nocaret          114898 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
textareapeer_win_fns     114904 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(textareapeer.o)
hourglass_count          114918 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
hourglass_next_notify    11491c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
hourglass_next_poll      114920 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
hourglass_poll_interval  114924 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
languages                114928 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(lang.o)
panicfns                 114988 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(memory_panic.o)
observer_list            1149ac + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
observer_next            1149b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(netconnect_obs.o)
shutdown_count           1149b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
buttonpeer_fns           1149bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(buttonpeer.o)
ps_peer_list_head        1149d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
widget_size              1149d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
dropdown_size            1149dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
selectpeer_default_keymap 1149e4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__closed_win_fns 114a44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
layers_selectpeer__open_win_fns 114a58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectpeer.o)
s_caret                  114a6c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
s_mouse                  114a88 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
native_key               114aac + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
raw_key                  114ab0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
windows                  114ab4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
rootwin                  114abc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
ro_origin                114ac0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
root_is_full_screen      114ac8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
windows_created          114acc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
windows_deleted          114ad0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
rootwin_fns              114ad4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
pointers                 114af4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
invisibility_count       114b54 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
limits_16bit             114b58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
sound_events_base        114b68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
sound_events_private     114b98 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(soundevent.o)
autoscroll               114c48 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(autoscroll.o)
drag_claim_w             114c5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(wimp_common.o)
terminate_time           114c78 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
to_csAcornFuzzy_encoding 114c7c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
to_csCurrent_encoding    114c80 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
from_csWindows1252       114c84 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
from_csCurrent_encoding  114c88 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
print_save_origin        114c8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
active_job               114c94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(print.o)
config_data_font         114c98 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
font_config_info         114ccc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
font_datatypes           114e0c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_config.o)
config_data_riscos       114e20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(riscos_config.o)
riscos_config_info       114e50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(riscos_config.o)
flex_mem_size            114f20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
flex_mem_size_set        114f24 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
heap_mem_size            114f28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
heap_mem_size_set        114f2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
bDontOpenWindow          114f30 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(useropts.o)
ma                       114f34 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
das                      114f44 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
atexit_done              114f54 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
init_done                114f58 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(da_allocator.o)
av_                      114f5c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
av_init                  115364 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
trim_threshold           11576c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
top_pad                  115770 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
n_mmaps_max              115774 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
mmap_threshold           115778 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
sbrk_base                11577c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
max_sbrked_mem           115780 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
max_total_mem            115784 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
current_mallinfo         115788 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
n_mmaps                  1157b0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
mmapped_mem              1157b4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
mem_size                 1157b8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_base              1157bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
block_base               1157c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
malloc_size              1157c4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
meta_fn                  1157c8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
meta_fn_handle           1157cc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(malloc.o)
heap__da                 1157d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
da_size                  1157d4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap__base               1157d8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
heap__size               1157dc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(heap.o)
event_queue              1157e0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(requeue.o)
rmaptr                   1157e8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
pollword_claims          1157ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(pollword.o)
confman_env_standard_datatypes 1157f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_env.o)
config_data_window       1158d0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(window_config.o)
window_config_info       115900 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(window_config.o)
config_data_net          1159c0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(net_config.o)
net_config_info          1159f0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(net_config.o)
socketpoll_claims        115ab0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(socketpoll.o)
combinerfep_class        115ab8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(combinerfep.o)
actions_select           115ac0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
actions_select_noedit    115af0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
actions_override         115b20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
actions_override_noedit  115b8c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
selection_info           115bf8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
selectionfep_class       115c18 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(selectionfep.o)
ime_pending_key          115c20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
ime_pending_native_key   115c24 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime.o)
filewatcher_handle       115c28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
removal_fn               115c2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(filewatcher.o)
s_notify                 115c30 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(notify2.o)
riscos_function_key_map  115c38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
riscos_ctrl_key_map      115e38 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_keys.o)
config_data_ime          115f68 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime_config.o)
ime_config_info          115f98 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ime_config.o)
feps                     115fd8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers_fep.o)
colour_array             115fdc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(colours.o)
confman_text_standard_datatypes 116464 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(cm_text.o)
socket_closures          116554 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socket_deletions         116558 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
layers_socket_error      11655c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socket_opens             116560 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
socket_closes            116564 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(sockets.o)
webfont_typefaces        116590 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_map_nfaces       116594 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
webfont_nfaces           116598 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(font_mapping.o)
Qlen                     11659c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(bbc.o)
config_data_button       1165bc + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(button_config.o)
button_config_info       1165ec + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(button_config.o)
uic_list                 11666c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(uic.o)
config_data_select       116670 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(select_config.o)
select_config_info       1166a0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(select_config.o)
clip__item               116730 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__list               11673c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__destroy            116740 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__hasclipboard       116744 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__anchor             116748 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__handle             11674c + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__msgid              116750 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
clip__xferstate          116754 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(clipboard.o)
imefep_info              116758 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
imefep_class             116778 + |C$$data| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(imefep.o)
version                  116780 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
enclist                  1167a4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
enc_table_list           116d1c + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding__alloc          116d20 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
encoding__free           116d24 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
unicode_type             116d28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
unicode_type_ref         118628 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(unictype.o)
combine3099              118a28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(combine.o)
combine309A              118af4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(combine.o)
enc_ascii                118b28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ascii.o)
enc_iso2022              118b4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
enc_iso2022_euc          118b70 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(iso2022.o)
enc_shiftjis             118b94 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(shiftjis.o)
B                        118bb8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
BValue                   118bbc + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
shift                    118c3c + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
enc_utf7                 118cbc + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf7.o)
enc_utf8                 118ce0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf8.o)
enc_ucs4                 118d04 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_ucs4.o)
enc_utf16                118d28 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_utf16.o)
enc_bigfive              118d4c + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(bigfive.o)
enc_eightbit             118d70 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(eightbit.o)
enc_johab                118eb8 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(johab.o)
static_window            118edc + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
default_dynamic_window   118eec + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
default_window_usage     118ef4 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
special_offset           118efc + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
enc_scsu                 118f2c + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_scsu.o)
fuzzy_specials           118f50 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(acorn.o)
enc_acorn                118fcc + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(acorn.o)
enc_system               118ff0 + |C$$data| from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(enc_system.o)
event__id_block          119014 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
event__mask              119018 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.event)
_next_handler            11901c + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
err                      119020 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
tbevent__all_handlers    119120 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
err                      119124 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
_next_handler            119224 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
wimpmsg__handlers        119228 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpmsg)
_next_handler            11922c + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
err                      119230 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent__handlers      119330 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
wimpevent__all_handlers  119384 + |C$$data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.wimpevent)
$d                       119388 + |ModuleWrapData| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
ModuleWrapData           119388 + |ModuleWrapData| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
module_private_word_ptr  119388 + |ModuleWrapData| from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
panicerr                 11938c + |C$$zidata| from object file objr/mempanic.o
hotlist_cats             11958c + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
subs_5_buf               119604 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
char_decode              119684 + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/parserrom.lib(support.o)
error_copy               11a7cc + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
webfonts                 11abcc + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(webfonts.o)
shutdown_fns             11bacc + |C$$zidata| from object file bin/layersrom.lib(shutdown.o)
tbevent__handlers        11bb4c + |C$$zidata| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/tboxlibs/eventlibm.o(z.tbevent)
Stub$$Data               11bf4c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_imageBase          11bf4c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_rtsDataBase        11bf50 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_rtsDataLimit       11bf54 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_IIHandlerInData    11bf58 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_FatalErrorBuffer   11bf58 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_PAHandlerInData    11bf68 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_DAHandlerInData    11bf78 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_AEHandlerInData    11bf88 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_undStack           11bf98 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_svcStack           11bf9c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused4            11bfa0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_registerDump       11bfc4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldAbortHandlers   11c008 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldExitHandler     11c018 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldMemoryLimit     11c020 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldErrorHandler    11c024 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldErrorR0         11c028 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldErrorBuffer     11c02c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldCallBackHandler 11c030 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldEscapeHandler   11c03c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldEventHandler    11c044 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_oldUpCallHandler   11c04c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_languageEnvSave    11c054 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_hadEscape          11c060 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_kallocExtendsWS    11c061 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_inTrapHandler      11c062 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_beingDebugged      11c063 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_fpPresent          11c064 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_initialised        11c065 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_callbackInactive   11c066 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused_byte_2      11c067 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused2            11c068 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_eventCode          11c094 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_eventUserR13       11c098 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_eventRegisters     11c09c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_errorBuffer        11c0cc + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_errorNumber        11c0d0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_errorString        11c0d4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapTop            11c1d0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapLimit          11c1d4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_allocProc          11c1d8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_freeProc           11c1dc + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_returnCode         11c1e0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_moduleDataWord     11c1e4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ClientFlags        11c1e8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_escapeSeen         11c1e9 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unwinding          11c1ea + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_underDesktop       11c1eb + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapBase           11c1ec + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ArgString          11c1f0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_heapExtender       11c1f4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_knownSlotSize      11c1f8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_initSlotSize       11c1fc + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_lk_RestoreOSHandlers 11c200 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_extendChunk        11c204 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_rootStackChunk     11c208 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_pc_hex_buff        11c20c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_returnCodeLimit    11c20c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_reg_hex_buff       11c218 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
disable_stack_extension  11c224 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_unused             11c228 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__errno                  11c268 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__iob                    11c26c + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_interrupts_off          11c4ec + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub__saved_interrupt   11c4f0 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ctype_eof          11c4f4 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__ctype                  11c4f8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__huge_val               11c5f8 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_app_space_end      11c600 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_stack_o_flag       11c604 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_inSignalHandler    11c605 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_dummybyte          11c606 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_                   11c607 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_stub_ClibSpace          11c608 + |Stub$$Data| from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__SIG_IGN                fffffffd
__SIG_ERR                fffffffe
__SIG_DFL                ffffffff
Symbol Table
mktime                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
localtime                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_history.o)
time                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
fseek                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_hotlist.o)
bsearch                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_internal.o)
strspn                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
strcspn                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_message.o)
sscanf                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_meta.o)
_kernel_osbyte           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_osk.o)
strncat                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_substitute.o)
_kernel_setenv           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fepelicanrom.lib(fe_utils.o)
atof                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fparserom.lib(head.o)
ftell                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fparserom.lib(hparse.o)
memchr                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/fparserom.lib(lists.o)
setjmp                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
longjmp                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(jpg2.o)
fflush                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/jpegrom.lib(wrsprite.o)
fgetc                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(fskipline.o)
_kernel_escape_seen      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(hourglass.o)
_kernel_last_oserror     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(layers.o)
clock                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localclock.o)
gmtime                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localgmtime.o)
strftime                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(localstrftime.o)
setvbuf                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(routil.o)
_kernel_getenv           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
_kernel_osword           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(ro_win.o)
vfprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(terminate.o)
setlocale                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/layersrom.lib(unicode.o)
_kernel_swi              ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
_kernel_irqs_on          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
_kernel_irqs_off         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/modveneersrom.lib(httpveneers.o)
exp                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
tan                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
acos                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
asin                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
rand                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
sqrt                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
atan2                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
srand                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(mathobj.o)
log                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(seobject.o)
strpbrk                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(source.o)
fmod                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
floor                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/nombasrom.lib(varutil.o)
strtod                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/parserrom.lib(attrparse.o)
free                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
malloc                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file bin/unicoderom.lib(encoding.o)
memcpy                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strchr                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strlen                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strrchr                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
__rt_stkovf_split_small  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/access2.o
strcmp                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/accftp.o
strtol                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/accftp.o
_sprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/accftp.o
memset                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/acchttp.o
strtok                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/acchttp.o
__rt_sdiv                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/acchttp.o
fgets                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authallow.o
strcpy                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authallow.o
toupper                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authallow.o
strncmp                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/auth.o
__rt_udiv                ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/auth.o
__rt_stkovf_split_big    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/auth.o
atoi                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authtextio.o
strcat                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authtextio.o
_fprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/authtextio.o
strstr                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/blacklist.o
strncpy                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/blacklist.o
abs                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/browser.o
sprintf                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/browser.o
tolower                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/browser.o
strtoul                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/cache5.o
ceil                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/colspan.o
qsort                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/cookiebinaryio.o
asctime                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/cookietextio.o
ctime                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/dir2html.o
pow                      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/imagemapr.o
_swix                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/images.o
exit                     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/main.o
atexit                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/main.o
signal                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/main.o
vsprintf                 ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/mempanic.o
_clib_finalisemodule     ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ModuleWrap.o
fputs                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/obreak.o
__rt_sdiv10              ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/obullet.o
fputc                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/oinput.o
memcmp                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ridprops.o
fwrite                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
getenv                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
remove                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
tmpnam                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/ro_plugin.o
fopen                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/submit.o
fread                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/submit.o
fclose                   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/submit.o
memmove                  ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file objr/tables.o
_main                    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
TrapHandler              ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
EventHandler             ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_init             ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
C$$code$$Base            ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
C$$code$$Limit           ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$RO$$Base          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$RW$$Base          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$ZI$$Base          ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_clib_initialise         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
Image$$RW$$Limit         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
RTSK$$Data$$Base         ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
RTSK$$Data$$Limit        ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_moduleinit       ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_entermodule      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
UncaughtTrapHandler      ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
UnhandledEventHandler    ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_kernel_command_string   ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
_Shared_Lib_Module_SWI_Code ?????? Undefined, Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__RelocCode              ?????? Undefined, WEAK Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
__root_stack_size        ?????? Undefined, WEAK Reference from object file ../../src/layers/riscos/Export/APCS-32/Lib/RISC_OSLib/romcstubs.o
