#!/usr/local/bin/bash

# usage: wantlink source dest
wantlink()
{
    dir=$1
    ext=$2
    file=$3

    source="../$dir/$ext/$file";
    dest="$file.$ext";
    if [ ! -L $dest ];
    then
	echo ln -s $source $dest
	ln -s $source $dest
    fi
}

if [ ! -L VersionNum ];
then
    echo ln -s ../VersionNum VersionNum
    ln -s ../VersionNum VersionNum
fi

wantlink arm c aaof
wantlink arm c asd
wantlink arm c asm
wantlink arm c coff
wantlink arm c gen
wantlink arm c mcdep
wantlink arm c peephole
wantlink arm c peeptest
wantlink arm c uasm

wantlink arm h mcdpriv
wantlink arm h mcerrs
wantlink arm h mcvsn
wantlink arm h ops
wantlink arm h target

wantlink cfe c lex
wantlink cfe c pp
wantlink cfe c sem
wantlink cfe c simplify
wantlink cfe c syn
wantlink cfe c vargen

wantlink cfe h feerrs
wantlink cfe h fevsn
wantlink cfe h lex
wantlink cfe h pp
wantlink cfe h sem
wantlink cfe h simplify
wantlink cfe h syn
wantlink cfe h vargen

wantlink cl/stdh h assert
wantlink cl/stdh h ctype
wantlink cl/stdh h errno
wantlink cl/stdh h float
wantlink cl/stdh h limits
wantlink cl/stdh h locale
wantlink cl/stdh h math
wantlink cl/stdh h setjmp
wantlink cl/stdh h signal
wantlink cl/stdh h stdarg
wantlink cl/stdh h stddef
wantlink cl/stdh h stdio
wantlink cl/stdh h stdlib
wantlink cl/stdh h string
wantlink cl/stdh h time

wantlink mip c aetree
wantlink mip c aoutobj
wantlink mip c bind
wantlink mip c builtin
wantlink mip c cg
wantlink mip c codebuf
wantlink mip c coffobj
wantlink mip c compiler
wantlink mip c cse
wantlink mip c csescan
wantlink mip c dbx
wantlink mip c driver
wantlink mip c flowgraf
wantlink mip c jopprint
wantlink mip c misc
wantlink mip c regalloc
wantlink mip c regsets
wantlink mip c sr
wantlink mip c store
wantlink mip c version

wantlink mip h aeops
wantlink mip h aetree
wantlink mip h aout
wantlink mip h bind
wantlink mip h builtin
wantlink mip h cg
wantlink mip h cgdefs
wantlink mip h codebuf
wantlink mip h coff
wantlink mip h compiler
wantlink mip h cse
wantlink mip h cseguts
wantlink mip h defaults
wantlink mip h defs
wantlink mip h drivhelp
wantlink mip h flowgraf
wantlink mip h globals
wantlink mip h host
wantlink mip h jopcode
wantlink mip h mcdep
wantlink mip h miperrs
wantlink mip h mipvsn
wantlink mip h optproto
wantlink mip h regalloc
wantlink mip h regsets
wantlink mip h sixchar
wantlink mip h sr
wantlink mip h store
wantlink mip h util
wantlink mip h version
wantlink mip h xrefs

wantlink util c datenow
wantlink util c genhdrs
wantlink util c peepgen
wantlink util c striphdr
wantlink util c timelim
wantlink util c toansi
