
AREncode - The Replay Compressor Front End
==========================================

This application acts as a desktop frontend to the Replay Type 1 compressor
(the Moving Lines algorithm) as well as any further compressors that may be
developed and use the same control interface.

It is designed to offer a quick and simple control mechanism for normal use
as well as being able to precisely configure all elements of the compression
process when it is needed.

AREncode takes any Replay file and passes it through the chosen compressor
to produce a new compressed Replay file. The process usually involves two
steps; Differing - where chunks of compressed data are created, and Joining
- where these chunks are stitched together along with sound files and header
information.

Below is the simple steps to compressing a movie using AREncode. For more
detailed information on the options available for altering the sound tracks
used, the movie size and quality and others then consult the Replay User
Guide.

Quick Guide
-----------

1) Double-click on the AREncode application to install it on the iconbar.

2) Drag a Replay file from a filer window or from an application such as
ReplayDIY or Empire and drop it on the AREncode icon on the iconbar.

 - The control window will open showing the default sprite and textual
   header of the source file.

3) Edit the descriptive text as necessary and if necessary drag a new
default sprite to the window.

4) Choose whether to compress in single or multitasking mode (Note: this can
be changed mid compression). If in single-tasking mode choose which screen
mode is to be used.

5) Click on the COMPRESS icon.

 - If single-tasking mode was selected the screen will clear, the header of
   the new file will be printed and compression will start, displaying the
   output frame (and possibly the source too) as well as a scrolling progress
   display of frame sizes and quality levels.

 - If multi-tasking mode was selected then the control window will close and
   a summary window will open. This will display the same textual information
   as described above in a small scrolling window.

6) You can stop the compression temporarily if you need.

 - In single-tasking mode press the SPACE BAR once to instruct the compressor
   to finish the current frame. Then again to return to the Desktop.

 - In multi-tasking mode click on the Suspend icon. Again the compressor will
   finish the current frame then the summary window will close and the
   main window will open again.

To continue from the next frame click on the CONTINUE icon. You can change
whether single or multi-tasking mode is used before doing this.

7) When compression has finished.

 - In single-tasking mode the message 'Press SPACE or click mouse to
   continue' will appear. Do this and you will return to the Desktop and the
   Joining will continue as per multi-taking mode.

 - The summary window will alter (or appear) and display a Joining message
   and the components will be put together to create the finished movie.

 - A save box will then pop up to allow you to choose the final location for
   the compressed movie.

 - The working files will then be deleted to save disc space.

7) Load compressed movie into ARPlayer or Empire and play back.
Note you shouldn't try and save directly from AREncode to another application
as it will either do nothing or will take a copy of the movie.

© Uniqueway Ltd, 1994
© Acorn Computers Ltd, 1994

eof AREncode:!Help
