... 
... $Header$ 
... 
.if t .so /usr2/pubs/tmac.pubs
.ds BD /usr/lib/ncube2g
.ds ]W Local nCUBE
.TH VOLTAB 5 "1 January 1993" "System software"
.SH NAME
voltab - static volume loading table
.SH SYNOPSIS
/usr/ncube/current/local/etc/voltab
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fI/etc/voltab\fP file contains entries for volumes to be
loaded using the \fIvolload(8)\fP command, which is normally
invoked at system boot time.
.LP
The file is an ascii text file.  Anything on a line between
a pound sign and the end of the line is treated as a comment and ignored.
Lines containing only whitespace are ignored.  If a line ends with a
backslash, \fIvolload\fP will read the next line and concatenate it onto
the end of the current line.
.LP
Each entry looks like:
.IP
.I
\fIvolname\fP \fItype[,option]...\fP \fIpartition_list\fP
.LP
.TP 10
\fIvolname\fP
is an arbitrary ascii string.  It may not contain whitespace
or comment delimeters.
.TP
\fItype\fP
is one of
.RS
.RS
.PD 0
.TP 8
.B striped
to specify a striped volume;
.TP
.B mirror
to specify a mirrored volume (not yet implemented);
.TP
.B concat
to specify a concatenated volume (not yet implemented).
.PD
.RE
.RE
.TP
.I option
further specifies a volume.  Some options may be applied to all
types of volumes,
and others only apply to specific types.  Possible options are:
.RS
.TP 14
.B nocache
This option specifies that the volume is not to be cached by the
volume manager.  This option may be used with any type of volume.
.TP
.B width=\fIwidth\fP
This is used to specify the stripe width of a striped volume.  This
option may only be used with striped volumes.  The \fIwidth\fP consists
of decimal digits optionally followed by one of the
multipliers 'K', 'M', 'G', or 'T'.
.RE
.TP
.I partition_list
specifies the list of partitions that describe a volume.  The syntax
of this string is fairly flexible.  The string may contain arbitrary
whitespace, including new lines.  If the string contains a pair of
curly braces, then the text within the curly braces is assumed to
consist of a comma-separated list of substrings.  Each substring is
concatenated with the text outside of the curly braces to form a new
partition list.  A new partition list is created from each substring,
and each of the newly created partition lists are recursively expanded.
The rightmost pair of braces is expanded first.
.RS
.LP
A substring can be either an arbitrary string of text (that doesn't
contain commas) or it can be a range.  If the string consists of two
alphanumeric characters separated by a dash, and if the first character
is less than the third character, then the string is assumed to be
a range.  In this case, the range is used to generate multiple one character
substrings.  The generated substrings consist of the characters between
the first and last character of the range, inclusive.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
.LP
.RS
.ft B
.nf
vol1 striped,width=32k		/dev/scsi/rsd6{6,9-b}{2-4}b
.sp
.fi
.ft R
.RE
.P
The above partition list expands to the partitions:
.LP
.RS
.ft B
.nf
/dev/scsi/rsd662b
/dev/scsi/rsd692b
/dev/scsi/rsd6a2b
/dev/scsi/rsd6b2b
/dev/scsi/rsd663b
/dev/scsi/rsd693b
/dev/scsi/rsd6a3b
/dev/scsi/rsd6b3b
/dev/scsi/rsd664b
/dev/scsi/rsd694b
/dev/scsi/rsd6a4b
/dev/scsi/rsd6b4b
.fi
.ft R
.RE
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/ncube/current/local/etc/voltab
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR volmgr (8),
.BR volload (8),
.BR volunload (8),
.BR volgeom (8)
.SH BUGS
There are a few standard mistakes users make when adding entries to
the \fIvoltab\fP.  All of these should be considered bugs in \fIvolload\fP.
.LP
No whitespace may appear in the list that specifies
a volume type and the volume options.  \fIvolload\fP parses
two whitespace separated words from a line and then parses off
the partition list from the remainder of the line.  The first word
is assumed to be the name of a volume.  The second word is assumed
to be a comma separated list containing the type and options.
.LP
The string '/dev/scsi/rsd{66-69}2b' does not specify partition 'b'
on disk '2' on
each of the I/O nodes from 0x8066 to 0x8069.  Instead, it expands to
the string '/dev/scsi/rsd66-692b', and you will probably be informed that this
file doesn't exist.  Remember that a range is a pair of single characters
separated by a dash.  This syntax is vaguely reminiscent of the c-shell.
.LP
Partitions generally need to be carefully partitioned before being
used in a volume definition.  \fIvolload\fP will fail with an EFBIG
error if the stripe width is not a multiple of the partition block size, or
if the volume size is not a multiple of the block size, or if the partitions
aren't all the same size.  (Actually, partitions can be different sizes
if they are specified extremely carefully.  The software requires that
all bytes in a volume be addressable without any interleaving gaps.)
An EINVAL error will be generated if a volume definition contains
one partition in two places or if the partitions of one volume overlap
the partitions of another volume.
.LP
It is possible to create a system that contains two separate gigacaches.
If this is done, neither gigacache knows which volumes have
been defined in the other gigacache.  Therefore, it is the system
administrator's responsibility to guarantee that the two separate caches
will not attempt to share partitions.
.SH AUTHOR
Chuck Simmons (csimmons@oracle.com)
