 <html>
 <head>
  <title>Macrovision Application Note</title>
 </head>
 <body>
 <p>
 <font size=6>
 <table align="center" cellpadding="3">
  <tr><td align="left"><b>Title:</b></td><td>Macrovision Application
Note</td></tr>
  <tr><td align="left"><b>Distribution:</b></td><td>Freely distributable</td></tr>
  <tr><td align="left"><b>Issue:</b></td><td>A</td></tr>
  <tr><td align="left"><b>Author:</b></td><td><a href="mailto:tdobson@acorn.com">Tim Dobson</a></td></tr>
  <tr><td align="left"><b>Date:</b></td><td>14th July 1998</td></tr>
  <tr><td align="left"><b>Last issue:</b></td><td>None</td></tr>
 </table>
 <p>
 <font size=6><b>1. Introduction</b>
 <p>
 <font size=5>
 <p>Macrovision is a feature of all Acorn STB2200 series machines (subject to
licence) which is intended to prevent copyright video material from being
taped on a VCR.

 <p>This document briefly discusses certain considerations for application
writers	when using Macrovision functionality on Acorn STB2200 series
machines.
 
 <p>For full details of the API to enable the Macrovision anti-taping
functionality, see the document "Macrovision Support Software (MPEG 2)
Functional Specification", which is only available to Macrovision licensees.
 <p>

 <font size=6><b>2. Video paths</b>
 <p>
 <font size=5>
 <p>The STB2200 series machines have a choice of three video paths:-
 <ol type=a>
 <li>Normal: this allows all the usual screen modes to be selected, including
the display of MPEG video with pixel-by-pixel computer generated graphic
overlays in up to 32768 simultaneous colours at a resolution of up to 768 x
576 pixels (PAL) or 768 x 480 (NTSC);
 <li>Macrovision (anti-taping disabled): this selects an alternative video
path routed through the Macrovision chip. Unfortunately this limits the
computer overlays to eight simultaneous arbitrarily-chosen colours, plus
transparent (ie show MPEG through). No partial transparency is possible. It
also restricts the pixel rate of the computer overlay to be the same as the
MPEG luma pixel rate (ie 13.5MHz). Typically one would use this mode with a
computer overlay resolution of 704 x 576 (PAL) or 704 x 480 (NTSC);
 <li>Macrovision (anti-taping enabled): the same as b), but with the
anti-taping functionality enabled. This alters the video signals in a way
that disturbs the operation of VCRs, while hopefully allowing TV sets to
operate normally.
 </ol>
 <p>

 <font size=6><b>3. Video palette</b>
 <p>
 <font size=5>
 <p>When video path b) or c) above is selected, then the video controller
will be put into a 4&nbsp;bit-per-pixel screen mode, and the default palette
for this mode will be as follows:-
 <p>
 <table width=100%>
 <tr align="left"><th>Pixel value</th><th>Colour</th><th>R</th><th>G</th><th>B</th></tr>
 <tr><td>0</td><td>Black</td><td>00</td><td>00</td><td>00</td></tr>
 <tr><td>1</td><td>1/3 Grey</td><td>55</td><td>55</td><td>55</td></tr>
 <tr><td>2</td><td>2/3 Grey</td><td>AA</td><td>AA</td><td>AA</td></tr>
 <tr><td>3</td><td>White</td><td>FF</td><td>FF</td><td>FF</td></tr>
 <tr><td>4</td><td>Red</td><td>FF</td><td>00</td><td>00</td></tr>
 <tr><td>5</td><td>Green</td><td>00</td><td>FF</td><td>00</td></tr>
 <tr><td>6</td><td>Orange</td><td>FF</td><td>BB</td><td>00</td></tr>
 <tr><td>7</td><td>Blue</td><td>00</td><td>00</td><td>FF</td></tr>
 <tr><td>8 to 15</td><td nowrap colspan=4>Transparent (ie show MPEG video)</td></tr>
 </table>
 <p>The initial text and graphics background colour is pixel value 0 (black)
and the initial foreground colour is pixel value 3 (white). On selection of
the screen mode, the screen is cleared to pixel value 0 (black). Since there
are no border pixels, the border colour is irrelevant.
 <p>The mapping of pixel values 0 to 7 (ie the solid colours) can be changed
after selecting the screen mode, using the existing call to PaletteV, viz:-

 <pre>
	OS_CallAVector (SWI &amp;000034)

On entry
	r0 = pixel value (in the range 0 to 7)
	r1 = 16
	r2 = colour value:
		bits 0-6:	must be zero
		bit 7		0 => solid colour
				1 => transparent (show MPEG video through)
		bits 8-15:	red value (should be zero if bit 7 set)
		bits 16-23:	green value (should be zero if bit 7 set)
		bits 24-31:	blue value (should be zero if bit 7 set)
	r4 = 2		(Reason code for PaletteV => Set palette entry)
	r9 = 0x23	(indicates vector number for PaletteV)

On exit
	r4 = 0
	Other registers preserved

 </pre>

Notes:
 <ol>
 <li>Pixel values 8 to 15 always show MPEG video and cannot be remapped. This
is because the Macrovision chip only has a palette of 8 colours plus a bit to
indicate transparent, and allowing colours 8 to 15 to be remapped could allow
the application to set up more than eight different solid colours, which is
not possible.
 <li>It was hoped to be able to use a 720 pixel line at 4bpp mode for the
Macrovision modes. Unfortunately this is not possible because the screen
start addresses for each video field need to be aligned to a multiple of 16
bytes, and the logical address offset from one field to the next needs to be
a whole number of memory pages + half the length of one scan line, which
implies that the line length needs to be a multiple of 32 bytes. 720 pixels
at 4 bits-per-pixel = 360 bytes, which isn't a multiple of 32. By reducing
this slightly to 704 pixels, this is 352 bytes, which is a multiple of 32,
which still overscans the TV picture, so it should be OK.
 <li>The RGB values specified above are actually converted into YUV values
before programming into the Macrovision chip. Colours therefore may not be
exact.
 </ol>
 <p>
 <font size=6><b>4. System variables</b>
 <p>
 <font size=5>
 <p>The Macrovision module reads two system variables which are used even
when not using the Macrovision video path, since the Macrovision chip is used
as the master sync generator in all modes. 
 <p>The chip outputs a pulse with programmable timing on every raster. The
leading edge of this pulse is used as the horizontal sync for the MPEG
decoder chip. The trailing edge of the pulse is used as the horizontal sync
for the computer overlay. Therefore by adjusting the timing of the start and
end of this pulse, the horizontal positioning of the MPEG picture and the
computer overlay can be independently adjusted. The system variables which
control this are:
 <ul>
 <li><b>Macrovision$RCV2S</b>
   <p>This variable controls the timing of the start of the pulse and
therefore the horizontal positioning of the MPEG picture. The value is in
units of 27MHz ticks from the start of the master hsync pulse, and must be a
multiple of 4, otherwise the luma and chroma components will get mixed up.
 <p>
 <li><b>Macrovision$RCV2E</b>
   <p>This variable controls the timing of the end of the pulse and therefore
the horizontal positioning of the computer overlay. The value is in units of
27MHz ticks from the start of the master hsync pulse. It doesn't need to be
any particular multiple.
 </ul>
 <p>Notes:
 <ol>
 <li>Both variables should be set using SetEval commands (or equivalent), so
that the variables hold numeric rather than string values; eg.
 <p>
 <pre>
	SetEval Macrovision$RCV2S 0
	SetEval Macrovision$RCV2E 144
 </pre>
 <p>
 <li>A new setting of either variable does not take effect until the next
screen mode change.
 </ol>

 </body>
 </html>
