GC Generic protocol module for G-cluster games server
=====================================================

Overview
--------

GC Generic is a Video Control protocol module for use with the G-cluster game
system. G-cluster executes games on the server, encodes their screen output as
a video stream which is sent to the client for display, and accepts input data
from the client.

This document gives a very basic description of this module. See the G-cluster
documentation for details of the protcol used.

Functional Description
----------------------

There is a single TCP/IP control connection between the client and the server
which the client uses to send commands to the server. The video data is sent
from the server to the client as an MPEG 2 Transport Stream in UDP packets. The
video data itself is MPEG 1.

Unlike an RTSP video server, the G-cluster server never sends any responses to
the client. Communication is entirely one way.

GC Generic registers the 'gclust:' fetch scheme. Only the host name and port
number from the URL passed into the Setup SWI are used, any other information
is ignored. Calling the Setup SWI causes the control connection to the server
to be opened. When the socket has been opened the new status is reported.

The first call to the Play SWI following a Setup causes the client to send the
initialisation commands to the server which will make it start the video
stream. When these commands have been sent the new status is reported.

Key presses and/or joystick movements are sent to the server by using the Play
SWI with a pointer to a specially formatted string in R2 in place of the
"Range" header parameter that would be used by an RTSP server. This string
should be a sequence of any number of any of the following:

A<axis>=<value>
U<axis>
D<axis>

Here <axis> is a signed decimal number that corresponds to one of the axis
numbers recognised by the server and <value> is a signed decimal number. A
"U<axis>" token is the same as "A<axis>=0" and a "D<axis>" token is the same as
"A<axis>=1". These are used for key up and down events respectively.

As an example, if the string passed was "U42A128=-512D63" it would cause three
input event packets to be sent to the server. The first would be sent with the
axis field set to 42 and the value field set to 0; the second with axis set to
128 and value set to -512 and the third with axis set to 63 and value set to 1.

Note that the first call to the Play SWI will cause a status change when the
initialisation comnands have been sent, but subsequent calls to Play will not
cause a change in status, and no more status changes will be reported, unless
an error occurs.

As well as sending input events to the server, GC Generic also sends reports of
the system video and audio buffer levels. The buffer reports are sent every 8
video frames.

Dependencies
------------
MPEGDriver 0.40 is required for access to the buffer level information.
