
This directory contains applications ported from, or relating to, the
Citrix ICA protocol software. 

The Citrix software is used under license. Consult Martin
Neville-Smith for conditions on use.


The directories are as follows:


ICAClient:
----------

The client software, based on the MetaFrame source release, ported to
RISC OS. The default build environment is RISC OS, however there is a
unix Makefile which can be used on once suitable links have been set
up.

This directory contains sources from RISC OS version 0.43 onwards. 


ICAMgr:
-------

This is a RISC OS version of the Citrix Remote Application Manager. It
uses none of the original Citrix sources. It is a RISC OS build.


WinFrameRO:
-----------

This is the import directory for aof files created by the unix build
contained within the WinStation directory. It is now deprecated except
where it is necessary to fix bugs in the WinFrame release.


WinStation:
-----------

This is the original port of the Citrix software. It can only be built
on unix. 

Versions from 0.40 are based on the MetaFrame source release.
Earlier versions are based on the WinFrame 1.7 source release.

It is now deprecated except where it is necessary to fix bugs in the
WinFrame release. These are contained on a branch
'smiddle_ica_Boca120' which contains versions after 0.30.



Some build notes for ICA client 0.3x
------------------------------------

There are currently three versions of the ICAclient in CVS.

In the directory 'RiscOS/Sources/Apps/Citrix/WinStation' on the branch
'smiddle_ica_Boca120' there is version 0.33 which is the last released
version (as used on the last Boca NC).

In the directory 'RiscOS/Sources/Apps/Citrix/WinStation' on the TRUNK
there is version 0.43 which is a partial port of the MetaFrame
sources. This development was stopped and the results moved over into
'RiscOS/Sources/Apps/Citrix/ICAClient' which was never completed.

So effectively we have two versions that can be used

  cvs -d /home/renaissa/cvsroot checkout -r smiddle_ica_Boca120 RiscOS/Sources/Apps/Citrix/WinStation

will get you the current release version. This has to be cross-compiled on Solaris.

  cvs -d /home/renaissa/cvsroot checkout RiscOS/Sources/Apps/Citrix/ICAClient

will get you the current development version, this builds but only
occasionally runs. It can however be built on Unix or on RISC OS.

The trunk version of WinStation should not be used under any
circumstances.



Building the 0.3x version
-------------------------

1) Check it out with

  cvs -d /home/renaissa/cvsroot checkout -r smiddle_ica_Boca120 RiscOS/Sources/Apps/Citrix/WinStation

2) Get hold of the cross compiling build tools as described in the
Browser build notes and put them on your path.

3) Get an Export directory from an NC build

4) Ensure that this Export directory includes Lib/MemLib. If it doesn't
then check out MemLib

  cvs -d /home/renaissa/cvsroot checkout RiscOS/Sources/Lib/MemLib

and build and export it (this should be done on RISC OS).

5) Copy the Export directory onto your NFS mount and run the
roixmunge.py script given to the tools group to cconvert the files
into Unix form. Check that all the directories did convert correctly.

6) Set the environment variable RISCOS_BUILD_EXPORT to point to the
Export directory.

7) To build a standalone version type 'make install'.

8) To build and install a ROM version then first checkout the import
directory that will be used in the ROM build.

 cvs -d /home/renaissa/cvsroot checkout RiscOS/Sources/Apps/Citrix/WinFrameRO

Then run make installrom. This will make the aof file and copy it and
the resources into the WinFrameRO directory. This can then be
srccommitted as usual and used in a ROM build.


Simon Middleton
14 July 1999
