OpenSession

in:
  R0 = flags (currently all 0)
  R1 = Video control handle (currently ignored)
  
out:
  R0 = Session handle

use:
  Starts a teletext fetching session. IPTeletext will not fetch or
decode any teletext data until a session is opened. At present only
one session for a single stream is supported.


CloseSession

in:
  R0 = Session handle
  
out:
  All regs preserved

use:
  Closes a teletext fetching session. If the video stream ends or
is interrupted for any reason the session will be closed for you
and you will be informed on the next call to IPTeletext_Status.


RequestPage

in:
  R0 = Session handle
  R1 = flags
         bit 0 set -> register an interest in several pages, else just one
         
 if flags bit 0 clear
  R2 = Page number
 else
  R2 = ptr to array of page numbers
  R3 = number of pages
  
out:
  R0 preserved

use:
  Registers an interest in a single page or a group of pages.
  
  If a single page is specified then that page and all susequent
subpages, up to a maximum of 10, will be buffered by the module.
That page will subseqently be refered to as the primary page. The
primary page is also treated as the page being looked for when
providing a rolling status display. Status lines from the same
magazine, where the header does not specify that the page has been
broadcast out of order, will be returned until the requested page
is available.

  If multiple pages are specified then only the most recently
broadcast subpage for each page will be buffered. This has no
effect on status lines returned and if a seperate request is not
made for a primary page then IPTeletext will assume a single static
page is being displayed and not return a rolling page counter
display. When a request is made for multiple pages, any buffered
pages not included in the list, with the exception of the current
primary page, will be discarded.

  Requests for multiple pages should be kept to a minimum as it
imposes a memory overhead for each page requested. The only
limitation placed on the number of pages that can be fetched is
available memory. It is possible to request the entire magazine
for maximum access speed, but that will occupy approximately 2MB
with the current implementation.

  The intended usage is to first issue a single page request for
the page you want to display. Then issue a multiple page request
for several pages around that page to allow quick stepping between
pages. When the main page fetches, a further multiple page request
could be made requesting the pages referenced by that page's
fasttext links, remembering to include the page numbers previously
requested in the list.


Status

in:
  R0 = Session handle
  R1 = flags (reserved, set to 0)
  R2 = ptr to 32 byte buffer to hold current status line
  
out:
  R0 preserved
  R1 = status

use:
  Returns the current status of the teletext page fetching system
and the current status line including updated clock and a rolling
page number display if a new primary page is being fetched.

Currently defined status codes are:

  0 - Waiting, nothing interesting to return
  1 - Full status line update (all 32 bytes need replotting)
  2 - Status line time update (only the last 8 bytes need replotting)
  3 - Page fetch complete (the requested primary page is ready)
  4 - Page fetch failed (the magazine broadcast has looped without
                         returning the requested primary page)
  5 - Session closed (the session has been closed, usually because
                      the video stream has stopped)

Status code 3 will also be returned each time the primary page is
updated or a new subpage is broadcast.

The status line buffer pointed to by R2 is updated for reason codes
1,2 and 3 only. For all other reason codes the contents of the
buffer are undefined.


ReadPage

in:
  R0 = Session handle
  R1 = ptr to buffer or 0 to return buffer size required
  
out:
  R0 preserved
 if R1 is 0 on entry
  R1 = size of buffer required
 else
  R1 preserved

use:
  Reads a buffered page. You must have previously requested the
page as a primary page using IPTeletext_RequestPage. The buffer is
filled with a number of records in the following format:

  0   Data type code
  4   Data size (always a multiple of 4)
  8   Data
  ...

Data type codes currently defined are:

  0 - basic level 1 page data
  1 - internationalisation information
  2 - fasttext links
  3 - reserved for level 1.5 page enhancement data
  
The format of the basic level one page is:

  0  flags
      bit 0 set -> page is a newsflash
      bit 1 set -> page is subtitles
  4  24 bytes of header (the header without the clock)
  28 960 bytes of level 1 teletext data
  
The status line is not included in the page. The correct status
line will have been returned from IPTeletext_Status.

If flags bit 0 or 1 is set then the page should be displayed in box
mode.

The internationalisation field is currently just a single word
used to specify the national option character set. This may be
extended in future to specify default G0 and G2 supplemental
character sets. You should use the size field to determine if
additional information is present.

The formats for fasttext links is 5 words containing a full page
number or -1 to indicate link invalid. The five pages correspond to
red, green, yellow, blue and index.

The format for level 1.5 page enhancement data is not yet defined.



PageInfo

in:
  R0 = Session handle
  R1 = reason code:
       0 -> check if page available
       1 -> return next page down
       2 -> return next page up
       all other reason codes reserved
 if R1 = 0,1 or 2
  R2 = page number
  
out:
  R0 preserved
  R1 preserved
 if R1 = 0
  R2 = 0 if page does not exist, 1 if it does
 if R1 = 1 or 2
  R2 = page number or -1 to indicate no pages available in this magazine
  
use:
 Returns information about a specific page. At present it is only
used to determine if a specific page is available in the magazine
or to find the next available page up or down from the current
page.



ServiceInfo

in:
  R0 = Session handle
  
out:
  R0 preserved
  R1 = flags
        bit 0 set -> a video stream is playing
        bit 1 set -> a teletext stream has been found
        bit 2 set -> default index page (R2) is valid
        bit 3 set -> default subtitle page (R3) is valid
        bit 4 set -> the teletext magazine has looped at least once
        all other bits reserved
  R2 = default index page (if R1 bit 1 is set)
  R3 = default subtitle page (if R1 bit 2 is set)
  
use:
  Returns information about the current teletext service. It should
be noted that it may take up to 30 seconds for service information
to arrive as the packet containing the information may only be
broadcast once for each full magazine broadcast.
