; cmhg control file for nfs
;

; <module-is-runnable:> - NO

initialisation-code: nfs_initialise

service-call-handler: nfs_service

title-string: NFS

help-string: RISC_OS_NFS 2.34

swi-chunk-base-number: 0x410C0

swi-handler-code: nfs_swi

swi-decoding-table: NFS,
                Mount MountList SetUser Dismount MountInfo FreeSpace

; <swi-decoding-code:> <swi_decoder> - NO

; <irq-handlers:> <entry_name>/<handler_name> ... - NO

command-keyword-table: nfs_command

        NFS(min-args:0, max-args:0,
                help-text: "*NFS selects NFS as the current filing system.
\r"
                        "Syntax: *NFS",
                invalid-syntax: "Syntax: *NFS" ),

        NFSInfo( min-args:0, max-args:0,
                help-text: "*NFSInfo displays internal information for NFS.
\r"
                           "Syntax: *NFSInfo",
                invalid-syntax: "Syntax: *NFSInfo" ),

        NFSBoot( min-args:0, max-args:0,
                help-text: "*NFSBoot starts a boot sequence from an NFS
server.\r"
                           "Syntax: *NFSBoot",
                invalid-syntax: "Syntax: *NFSBoot" ),

        Logon(min-args:0, max-args:4, fs-command:,
                help-text: "*Logon displays or authenticates the name under
which you wish to access "
                        "future *Mounted mount points. The user name
'nobody' does not require a password.\r"
                        "Syntax: *Logon [-host <name server>] [<user name>
[[<CR>] <password>]]\r" ),

        Mount(min-args:0, max-args:4, fs-command:,
                help-text: "*Mount lists or mounts mount points on NFS.\r"
                        "Syntax: *Mount [-host <host name>] [<mount name>
[<mount path>]]\r",
                invalid-syntax: "Syntax: *Mount [-host <host name>] [<mount
name> [<mount path>]]\r" ),

        Dismount(min-args:0, max-args:2, fs-command:,
                help-text: "*Dismount dismounts mount points mounted on NFS.
\r"
                        "Syntax: *Dismount [-host <host name> | <mount
name>]\r",
                invalid-syntax: "Syntax: *Dismount [-host <host name> |
<mount name>]\r" ),

        Bye( min-args:0, max-args:0, fs-command:,
                help-text: "*Bye dismounts all mount points and closes
anything open on them. "
                        "All directories become unset\r"
                        "Syntax: *Bye\r",
                invalid-syntax: "Syntax: *Bye\r" ),

        Free( min-args:0, max-args:1, fs-command:,
                help-text: "*Free displays the free space available on the
server.\r"
                        "Syntax: *Free [<mount name>]\r",
                invalid-syntax: "Syntax: *Free [<mount name>]\r" ),

        CacheTime( min-args:0, max-args:1, fs-command:, gstrans-map:1,
                help-text: "*CacheTime sets the time (in 1/100ths of a
second) for which all "
                        "information cached in the future is assumed to be
valid.\r"
                        "Syntax: *CacheTime [<time>]",
                invalid-syntax: "Syntax: *CacheTime [<time>]" ),

        CacheSize( min-args:0, max-args:1, fs-command:, 
                help-text: "*CacheSize sets the size of the cache for
cacheing file information. "
                           "Each entry uses about 200 bytes of memory.\r"
                        "Syntax: *CacheSize [<entries>]",
                invalid-syntax: "Syntax: *CacheSize [<entries>]" ),

        Timeout( min-args:0, max-args:2, fs-command:, 
                help-text: "*Timeout sets the time (in seconds) before an
NFS transaction will timeout, and the time in seconds before an unanswered
packet is resent.\r"
                        "Syntax: *Timeout [<timeout time>] [<retry time>]",
                invalid-syntax: "Syntax: *Timeout [<timeout time>] [<retry
time>]" ),


        PacketSize( min-args:0, max-args:1, fs-command:,
                help-text: "*PacketSize sets the packet size (from 1 to 8K)
to be used for NFS packets.\r"
                        "Syntax: *PacketSize [<packet size>]",
                invalid-syntax: "Syntax: *PacketSize [<packet size>]" )
