.TH mnmsg 4P "31 August 1994"
.SH NAME
mnmsg - Media Net Message Protocol (MNPROTO_MESSAGE)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <mn.h>
.LP
port = mnOpen(MNPROTO_MESSAGE);
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Media Net message protocol provides for the reliable transport of
discrete messages of a finite length.  Each message is individually
addressed to its intended recipient.  Messages sent from the same
source to the same destination are guaranteed to be received in the
same order in which they were sent.  It is possible to receive messages
from many different senders through the same port, or send messages to
many different receivers through the same port.
.LP
Messages are sent using mnSend(3) or mnSendV(3).  In either case,
the data sent constitutes a single message that will either be
delivered in its entirety or not at all.
.LP
Messages are received
using mnRecv(3) or mnRecvV(3).  These routines will receive a message
atomically.  If insufficient buffer space is provided for the complete
message, the remainder will be discarded.  To avoid this, mnRecvWait()
or mnRecvTest() may be used to determine the length of the next message
pending.
.LP
Media Net assumes that the network layer that it sits on top of is
unreliable.  It uses a variety of mechanisms to provide flow control
and recover when individual packets in the message are damaged, delayed
duplicated, dropped, or delivered out of order.
.LP
If the receiver of a message does not receive the entire message in
a certain period of time, the message is discarded by the receiver.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnOpen(3), mnSend(3), mnRecv(3), mnstr(4P).
