.TH NIO_UDP 4 "31 August 1994"
.SH NAME
mnnio_udp - Media Net network interface object for UDP/IP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <mnnio.h>
#include <smnudp.h>
.LP
mnnio *smnudpOpen(char *name, boolean intr);
sb4    smnudpPa(mnnpa *pa, char *name);
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The network interface object for UDP/IP is a Media Net driver that
uses the UDP/IP protocol as a data link.
.SS Physical Address Format
The network interface is packet-based; therefore, the driver recognizes
an IP address and port number as a physical address.  The address format
is one of
.LP
.RS
.nf
UDP:<hostname>:<port-number>
UDP:<ip-address>:<port-number>
.fi
.RE
.LP
If the hostname is given, it is translated to an IP address.  The port
number refers to a UDP-specific port number.  If ip-address is given,
it must be in a standard dotted-decimal form.
.SS Synchronous vs. Asynchronous Operation
The network interface object may be operated in either a synchronous
or asynchronous mode.  When operating in an asynchronous mode, a UDP
socket is created so as to generate a signal when data is received.
Asynchronous mode is not recommended unless more than one network
interface object is being used concurrently.
.SH USAGE
.LP
smnudpOpen() is used to create a new UDP/IP-based network interface
object.  The UDP socket opened may be bound to a particular IP address
and port number if name is non-null; otherwise, the socket is bound
to a dynamic address.  Usually, only mnars(8) will need to bind a
particular address.
.LP
If intr is TRUE, then the network interface object is created in an
asynchronous mode; otherwise, the object operates synchronously.
.LP
smnudpPa() may be used to translate the textual form of a physical
address into a form suitable for use by Media Net.  The result is
written to pa.
.SH RETURN VALUES
smnudpOpen() returns a pointer to the NIO object if successful; otherwise,
it returns null.  The routine may fail if a physical address is given and
cannot be bound, either because it is illegal or because it is already in
use.
.LP
smnudpPa() returns a 0 on success, or -1 if the name is not valid.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnnio_intro(4), mnnio_ipc(4), mnars(8).
