.TH NIO_IPC 4 "31 August 1994"
.SH NAME
mnnio_ipc - Media Net network interface object for nCube IPC
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <mnnio.h>
#include <smnipc.h>
.LP
mnnio *smnipcOpen(char *name, boolean intr);
sb4    smnipcPa(mnnpa *pa, char *name);
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The network interface object for nCube IPC is a Media Net driver that
uses the nCube's interprocess communication facility as a data link.
.SS Physical Address Format
The network interface is packet-based; therefore, the driver recognizes
a name as a physical address.  The address format is
.LP
.RS
.nf
IPC:<name>
.fi
.RE
.LP
where name is resolved by using the nCube IPC name server.
.SS Synchronous vs. Asynchronous Operation
The network interface object may be operated in either a synchronous
or asynchronous mode.  When operating in an asynchronous mode, an IPC
port is created so as to generate a signal when data is received.
Asynchronous mode is not recommended unless more than one network
interface object is being used concurrently.
.SH USAGE
.LP
smnipcOpen() is used to create a new nCube IPC-based network interface
object.  The IPC port opened may be bound to a particular name if name
is non-null; otherwise, no entry is made in the name server.  Usually,
only mnars(8) will need to bind a particular address.
.LP
If intr is TRUE, then the network interface object is created in an
asynchronous mode; otherwise, the object operates synchronously.
.LP
The IPC facility's initialization routine, ipc_init(), must be called
prior to calling smnipcOpen() the first time.  If intr is TRUE, ipc_init()
must have been called with IPC_ASYNC.
.LP
smnipcPa() may be used to translate the textual form of a physical
address into a form suitable for use by Media Net.  The result is
written to pa.
.SH RETURN VALUES
smnipcOpen() returns a pointer to the NIO object if successful; otherwise,
it returns null.  The routine may fail if a physical address is given and
cannot be bound, either because it is illegal or because it is already in
use.
.LP
smnipcPa() returns a 0 on success, or -1 if the name cannot be found in
the name server.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnnio_intro(4), mnnio_udp(4), mnars(8).
