
ACORN ISO 9660 CD-ROM Formatter Version 1.11, © Acorn Computers 1992
====================================================================

                           Release Notice


This file contains information additional to that given in the User Guide,
and should be read first; you may then follow the instructions given in
section 3 of the Guide to install the software ready for use.


1  SCSI discs

The Formatter includes an option to write out the ISO 9660 image as a
sequence of SCSI blocks starting at a user-specified location on the disc.
This provides a system-independent means of transferring the image from an
Acorn system to a specialist CD-ROM mastering facility.

It is important that the area used to store the image does not overlap any
area already allocated to hold RISC OS files, and the Formatter includes a
number of checks designed to prevent accidental overwriting of other data.
Section 4.4 of the User Guide gives details of how to use Acorn's SCSI disc
management utility ScsiDM to configure your SCSI disc so that images can be
safely written to it.

The Formatter has been designed to be compatible with all SCSI cards which
support the Acorn SCSI SWI interface, but you may find that some of the
configuration options described in section 4.4 are not supported by the SCSI
formatter supplied with your card. In this case you may be able to use
ScsiDM itself, and a copy is included on this release disc; you should
contact your supplier is you continue to experience difficulties.


2  PC Partitions

Under RISC OS 3, emulated PC drives are normally given the RISC OS filetype
"DOSDisc" (&FC8), so that the PC files inside can be accessed directly from
the desktop if desired. Unfortunately, files of this type may cause problems
when accessed from a Level 4 Fileserver using RISC OS 3, and so for
compatibility you should make sure that any PC partition files which you
wish to include on a CD-ROM are typed as "Data" files (&FFD).


3  Large SCSI discs and RISC OS 3.00

There is a fault in RISC OS 3.00 (but not in RISC OS 3.10) which prevents
filing system access to any SCSI disc with an overall capacity in excess of
512MB; however, such a disc may still be used to store images created by the
Formatter.


4  Changes from Version 1.00

Here is a summary of the new features present in version 1.11; details are
given in the User Guide.


4.1  CD-ROMs and the Level 4 Fileserver

AUN/Level 4 Fileserver (Release 2) software offers enhanced support for
CD-ROMs as follows:

  - All files are given Public Read access, regardless of the access settings
    on the CD-ROM itself.

  - Each directory on the CD-ROM may include up to 255 entries.

  - A mechanism is provided for mounting a CD-ROM which has no Volume
    Identifier (or whose Volume Identifier does not conform to Level 4 disc
    naming conventions).

  - PC partitions with filetype "DOSDisc" (&FC8) are now handled correctly
    under RISC OS 3.

However, in order to maintain maximum compatibility with earlier versions of
the software you should continue to take notice of relevant warning messages
issued by the Formatter.


4.2  Link files

You may construct an image from a number of different root hierarchies,
perhaps resident on different RISC OS filing systems, by including "link
files" in the source hierarchy.

You can use link files to create an image that contains more than 512Mbytes
of data by combining source data from two or more ADFS or SCSI discs. (Both
ADFS and SCSI filing systems impose a limit of 512Mbytes of data on any one
disc).

Note, however, that SCSIFS versions 1.10 and earlier do not fully support
devices with removeable media, and so you should not define a source
hierarchy with linked components on separate media such that media changes
would be required during processing.


As an example, suppose you wish to construct an image of the form:

                               root
                                |
                    -------------------------
                   |            |            |
                   A            B            C

where A, B and C are each directories defining further hierarchies held as
follows:

   A   -   adfs::$.backups.wed
   B   -   scsi::disc6.$.lessons
   C   -   nfs::lib16.german

  adfs::$.backups.wed       scsi::disc6.$.lessons      nfs::lib16.german
           |                          |                        |
    ---------------            ---------------          ---------------
   |       |       |          |       |       |        |       |       |
   D       E       F          G       H       I        J       K       L

You first create an outline structure which describes the hierarchy using
link files:

                           adfs::$.mycd
                                |
                    -------------------------
                   |            |            |
                   A            B            C
                   |            |            |
                +linkA       +linkB       +linkC

Each link file - identified because the first character of its name is '+' -
contains the name of the directory which in its turn contains the files and
directories which are to appear in the image at that point:

  +linka  contains  adfs::$.backups.wed
  +linkB  contains  scsi::disc6.$.lessons
  +linkC  contains  nfs::lib16.german

Now create an image specifying adfs::$.mycd as the root:

  *isoform -root adfs::$.mycd  ...

In the resulting image you will find that each link file has been replaced by
the files (and directories) contained in the directory to which it refers:

                               root
                                |
                    -------------------------
                   |            |            |
                   A            B            C
                 -----        -----        -----
                |  |  |      |  |  |      |  |  |
                D  E  F      G  H  I      J  K  L


Notes:

  You may include link files at any level of the hierarchy - even within
  linked structures.

  You may mix link files with normal files and directories in the same
  directory.

  The name of a link file is immaterial (provided that it starts with '+').


4.3  Placement

A new option, -first <filetype>, can be used to specify that files of a given
type are to appear before other files and directories in the image. Such
files will be recorded close to the centre of the disc which may help access
under certain circumstances.

For example:

  -first &ae7

will place all files of type &ae7 (ARMovie) before any other files in the
image.

This option is also available from the SetUp menu in the desktop version.


4.4  Default start point for SCSI image

If you specify only a length (and no start block) when requesting output to a
SCSI device with the desktop version, ISOForm will assume that you wish the
image to start immediately following any RISC OS partition on that device.

You may obtain the same effect from the command line by using the new option
-toscsilength <int>:

  -toscsi 1 -toscsilength &20000


4.5  Case sensitivity

Options are now recognised regardless of case, and any Volume Identifier,
Publisher Identifier or Copyright File Identifier will be forced to upper
case automatically.

For example, the following options no longer generate errors:

  -Report
  -volid insects


