                       !FontPrint
                       ==========

!FontPrint is a utility for editing the list of
fonts known by PostScript® printers.  It requires
!Printers to be running.

To use !FontPrint, install it onto the iconbar by
double-clicking in the usual way.  Open the window
by clicking on the icon.

When a PostScript printer is selected (using the
mechanism provided by !Printers) the !FontPrint
window will reflect the fonts known in that
printer.  The list consists of two types of
entries: "mappings" and "downloads."

Mapping
=======

A "mapping" is a specification of how a RISC OS
font maps onto a PostScript font.  For example, the
entry:


        Trinity.Medium      Map to  Times-Roman

means that the RISC OS font "Trinity.Medium" should
be displayed on the printer using the PostScript
font "Times-Roman".

Download
========

"Download" entries indicate that a particular RISC
OS font should be downloaded to the printer
whenever !Printers is started.  The conversion of
the RISC OS font into an equivalent PostScript
font is handled automatically by the printing
system.

Downloaded fonts take up a very large amount of
memory in the printer, so use them sparingly.  If
the font is seldom used, either set up a suitable
mapping or leave the font out of the list
altogether.  In the latter case, the font will be
downloaded automatically if and when it is needed,
and will only occupy printer memory for the
duration of that print job.

Menu options
============

Pressing the MENU mouse button over the font list
pops up a menu of editing operations that lets you
add, delete, and remap fonts.  See the RISC OS 3
User Guide for full instructions.

The "Defaults" button re-loads the default list of
fonts for the selected printer.  Any changes you
have made will be lost.

The "Save" button writes your changes back to disc
for future use.  The font list actually resides
inside the !Printers application, but this is
handled automatically.

Selecting a different printer
=============================

At any time selecting a different printer (by
clicking on its icon) changes the !FontPrint
window to show that printer's fonts.  

If you have made any unsaved changes to the list, 
they will be lost when you select another printer.

--
The name PostScript® is a registered trademark
of Adobe Systems Incorporated.
