!Help file for the International Keyboard Handler Generator vn 2.11
===================================================================

This software is the copyright of Acorn Computers Limited. The modules
created by this software - including the RISC OS International module within
the !IKHG directory - may be separately and freely copied for use on any
computer system containing the RISC OS operating system but may not be sold
without the express written permission of Acorn.

The International Keyboard Handler Generator (IKHG) application has been
produced to enable replacement RISC OS InternationalKeyboard modules to be
created which re-map the keyboard layout to produce keyboards suitable for
use with languages other than English. Refer to the RISC OS User Guide and
the RISC OS Programmer's Reference Manual [Ed.1, Vol.IV (part 5) - the
International module] for more general information.

IKHG needs 768k to run. Simply double-click the application icon in the
usual way; in response to the question "For what country is the module to be
created?" you must enter a country name 'known about' by the International
module you are using. RISC OS 2.00 (International module 1.13) knows about
the following 'countries':-

(Default   Master    Compact) - compatibility; do not re-define.

 UK        Italy     Spain     France    Germany     Portugal     Esperanto
 Greece    Sweden    Finland   Denmark   Norway      Iceland      Canada1      
 Canada2   Canada

 ISO1

   Additionally, the International module 1.14 also knows about Russia and
   Russia2 (Russia2 uses an 'IBM Russian' character set) and provides both
   the ISO8859 Cyrillic alphabet and an IBM-compatible Cyrillic alphabet.
   International module version 1.14 is supplied with and RMEnsured by IKHG
   version 2.07 and later, and should therefore also be RMEnsured when using
   InternationalKeyboard modules produced with IKHG.

To use the program, follow the instructions given in the on-screen help text
produced by the program. The InternationalKeyboard module(s) produced by the
program will be saved in files RM.IntKeys.<CountryName>, and should be
RMLoaded (along with the International module) to replace the corresponding
ROM modules in the normal way. Pressing Escape saves the new layout and
leaves the mapping phase of the program. Pressing Return (when prompted)
will then enter the compiling phase (which is uninterruptible). Pressing
Escape at this point will leave the program, but with the changes already
saved.

Pressing the function key F2 will prompt for a reloading of the existing
layout for a particular country, if one exists. Pressing F3 will save the
current layout as a text file which contains a table of the key mappings, in
the directory !IKHG.Layouts.<CountryName>. Note that you may need to select
the appropriate alphabet via the *Alphabet command before viewing/printing
these files.

Pressing Shift-Escape will abandon the program at any point in the mapping
phase, but any changes will be lost.

This release of IKHG is supplied complete with InternationalKeyboard modules
for certain countries - see the directory RM.IntKeys.  These are 'released'
and so should not be changed unless the copy is for 'private' use i.e. it is
undesireable to have more than one apparently official keyboard module for a
particular country.

A note of guidance - don't re-invent the wheel. If the PC world has already
adopted a particular National layout don't invent a different one, no matter
how poor you think the apparent de facto standard one might be; produce a
'pure' superset if you need ready access to additional characters, and try
to follow a logical sequence if you do expand the repertoire. Also, bear in
mind that future keyboards may physically have the "104th" key added
(immediately to the right of the left-hand shift key); for countries which
would normally have this key, it is suggested that it is mapped in *both*
'position 104' and the UK '¤£' key (immediately to the left of the
backspace/delete key, which may itself be removed from the keyboard in the
future).

Copyright © Acorn Computers Limited 1992
19th August 1992
