
Read_Me file for Canon printers.
--------------------------------

The "Canon Bubblejet" printer definition file may
be used with any of the Canon black and white  
printer which support Canon Extended Mode printing.

The BJ-10ex, BJ-300 and BJ-330 should
have their DIP switches set for Emulation Mode 1
(IBM Proprinter X24E/XL24E). To do this on the
BJ-300 and BJ-330 set switches 1-1 and 1-2 to ON.
For the BJ-10ex set switches 10 and 11 to OFF.

It is also possible to use the "Epson.LQ-860"
printer definition file with  the Canon BJ-10ex,
BJ-300 and BJ-330 printers, if their DIP switches
are set for Emulation Mode 2 (Epson LQ850/LQ1050).
The printouts produced in this configuration will
be poorer, particularly if international character
text printing or graphics resolutions above 180 by
180 DPI are used.

The "Canon.BJC-800" printer definition file is for
use with the Canon BJC-800 colour printer. It is
identical to the Epson.LQ-860 file, except for the
graphics resolutions above 180 by 180 DPI, which
are interlaced on the LQ-860 (and hence do not
allow colour). On the BJC-800 all resolutions
right up to 360 by 360 DPI are non interlaced and
hence can print in colour. The true 48 pin dumps
(180 by 360 and 360 by 360 DPI) use the Epson
commands ESC "*" 71 and ESC "*" 72 and thus may
work on other Epson compatible 48 pin printers
(eg. the Star SJ-48 inkjet printer). If you wish
to print on A3 paper, you will need to use the
control panel on the BJC-800 to set the line
length to 11 inches in the NVRAM.

Note that the BJC-800 is compatible with the RISC
OS 3.10 parallel port software. RISC OS 3.00 and
earlier versions do not work with the BJC-800 if
you print anything larger than about 7K (the size
of the buffer in the BJC-800 printer).

IMPORTANT! If you intend to print on A3 paper
using the BJC-800, you must remember to set the
BJC-800 so that the line length is set to 11"
instead of 8", otherwise printouts will get
cropped.

The "Canon.BJC-600" printer definition file is for
use with the Canon BJC-600 colour printer.

The "Canon.BJC-600e" printer definition file is for
use with the Canon BJC-600e.  This definition file 
supports Canon Extended Mode.

The "Canon.BJC-610" printer definition file is for 
use with the Canon BJC-610.  This definition file 
supports 720 dpi printing in Canon Extended Mode.

The "Canon.BJC-4000" printer definition file is for
use with the Canon BJC-4000.  This definition file 
supports Canon Extended Mode.

The "Canon.BJC-210" printer definition file is for 
use with the Canon BJC-210.  This definition file 
supports Canon Extended Mode.

The "Canon.BJC-4100" printer definition file is for
use with the Canon BJC-4100.  This definition file
supports Canon Extended Mode.

The "Canon.BJ-130e" printer definition file is for
use with the Canon BJ-130e printer. It is
identical to the generic BubbleJet file except
that it works around a bug found in the BJ-130e in
the 60 by 72 and 120 by 72 DPI graphics
resolutions. These are 8 pin dumps, and the
BJ-130e gets the line pitch wrong, resulting in
gaps between each print head pass. This is
corrected by telling the printer to line feed by
20 units instead of the correct value of 24 (the
units are supposedly n/216 inch). By doing this
the printouts have the correct aspect ratio and do
not have gaps.

It is interesting to note that 20/180 is equal to
24/216. It would appear that when working in
vertical units of n/216 inch the bit image data is
processed correctly but the line pitch is not, the
line pitch in fact being in units of n/180 inch.
If you try to do a 60 by 60 or 120 by 60 mode by
telling the printer to operate in vertical units
of n/180 inch, then the line pitch comes out
correctly but the bit image data is too small
vertically, so you still end up with gaps but the
aspect ratio of the printout is correct. The gaps
cannot be eliminated by telling the printer to
change from 5:6 aspect ratio to 1:1 using ESC "n".
Thus it is impossible to produce a printer
definition file which works around the bugs on the
BJ-130e, and also produces correct output on the
BJ-10e and BJ-300.
