UpgFetch                                                  20-Jun-2001
========                                                  ===========

UpgFetch is a utility that fetches a file with a format as specified
in 2503/047/FS and performs various operations depending on the file
contents, such as programming Flash ROM or unpacking and running an
application. Full details are in the functional specification.

!Mk        builds a non-debug linked binary in the 'abs' directory.
!MkClean   cleans everything.
!MkDebug   builds a debug version; you'll need to do !MkClean first,
           or set the datestamp on the files you want compiling for
           debug.
!MkInstall builds a non-debug binary and exports it to <Install$Dir>.
!MkLocal   is as !MkInstall, installing to "Targets.Apps" locally.
!MkTest    builds a non-debug linked binary in the 'abs' directory
           that when run does a self-test on the URL validation
           routines; this can be invoked from a task window.

The 'RunLocal' utility is a handy way of driving the version
currently in 'abs' with the resources currently in 'Targets.Apps'
with the URL given by editing the file as required.

UpgLaunch is a separate utility task required by UpgFetch, built in
passing and exported into the application directory by any of the
install-related !Mk... files. It has its own independent build system
which can be used directly if required. UpgFetch will try to re-build
UpgLaunch whenever the UpgLaunch binary is missing from within the
UpgLaunch directory; it does not hold dependencies on UpgLaunch's own
object files. So, if modifying UpgLaunch for immediate use inside
UpgFetch, it's best to make the changes, delete UpgLaunch, and run
the required !Mk... file for UpgFetch to get an exported copy.

-- 
Andrew Hodgkinson, Senior Software Engineer
Pace Micro Technology plc                    Tel: +44 1223 518 560
645 Newmarket Road                           Fax: +44 1223 518 526
Cambridge, CB5 8PB, United Kingdom           WWW: http://www.pace.co.uk/