<html>
<head>
<title>Meeting 08 Aug 1997 minutes</title>
</head>
<body bgcolor="#ffffff">

<center><h1>Meeting 2, 08 Aug 1997 minutes</h1></center>
<p>
<pre>

Attendees     	Neil Turton, Steve Cormie, Andy Pirozek, Robert Sproats,
		Kevin Bracey, Rich Buckley.

Absent		Alan Glover, John Farrell, Mike Stephens

Next meeting  	15 Aug 1997, 12pm, Hollywood



Existing branches
-----------------

Discussion was given to identifying the various branches currently in existance and their relative states of divergence. Findings are as follows :


Daytona (Netfax, RS) : 

* source base taken from CVS (KB)
* changes to existing sources limited mainly to kernel
* some new modules written
* about 8 or 9 people working on this
* timescales for final build etc unknown
* actions (RS) :
	- attempt to classify kernel changes - this will help a merge
	- identify new modules and their state of control
	- find out timescales - ie when would it be convenient to merge

Ursula (RiscPC2, MS) :

* changes to existing sources limited to new IOMD support testing in kernel
* most of software effort is currently at specification stage
* some work done to wimp and toolbox modules
* actions (MS) :
	- work with Richard Nicoll (project manager) and identify a build 
	  master to attend these meetings
	  
Spinner (all NC work, NT) :

* all work under cvs control
* spinner branch has diverged from trunk but is in the process of being merged
  back
* new FastNC hardware requires StrongARM capable NCOS in near future
* all new NC OSs *will* be StrongARM capable
* actions (NT) :
	- carry on with srcmerge script to allow the merge to take place ASAP
	
Samsung (Russell Thomas) :

* this was considered to be a one off and unless it is to be supported in the
  future, was considered to be not worth bothering with
* actions (RB) :
	- confirm the above decision with Russell
	
Curtis Mathis (AP) :

* this is a !SrcFiler configuration with source origin unknown
* changes to existing sources limited to VIDC poking in kernel
* about 7 or 8 new modules written
* some modules (I think serial) hacked about with
* timescales - final ROM build 8th Sept, any merge will take place following
  this
* actions (AP) :
	- find out where the source base was derived from
	- identify new modules and the ones hacked about with
	- attempt to classify kernel changes - this will help a merge
	

Kernel
------

Some serious thought needs to be given to the kernel and decisions made as to how we can reliably have many people working on many projects using the same sources. The general opinion seems to be to make it more modular in construction ie when supporting IOMD1, IOMD2, etc and move functionality out of the kernel, ie full divorce of keyboard, mouse, etc. This is obviously a huge area for debate. Actions MS, SC, AG to give the problem some brain cycles.


Version numbering
-----------------

Again the proposals for module version numbering was discussed at length. It was the opinion of the meeting that if a simple script was provided that checked out a module and checked in a module, people would use this in preference to more complex cvs runes. Such a script would prompt the user for appropriate responses at the right time rather than relying on command line flags.

A problem was raised (SC) regarding the mechanism for version number incrementing discussed last week. The problem would arrise if a module residing in system ROM is to be superseeded by a module in extension ROM and the version numbers are the same. This situation might arrise if bugs are fixed along a branch without first merging to the trunk and forcing a new module number.

A decision was made to look at modifying the kernel such that a module with the same version number but more recent date string would be considered more recent during extension ROM and RMEnsure type initialisations. Action KB to estimate effort required to implement this.

The srccommit script would work out a unique identifier and increment it for the new version to be committed. This unique identifier would be stored in the VersionNum file and a commit performed. The sources would then be tagged using this identifier. Actions RB & NT to discuss and update workpackage accordingly.

John Farrell had raised some concerns about locating a modules root directory via a database or by searching for makefiles. It was decided that this should be dene by looking for a VersionNum file and requiring this to be in module root. If no VersionNum file is found, the user would be prompted to make one and initialise it to an appropriate state.

Some applications that are wrapped as modules require the same module version number and date to be present in the module header and application Prog-&gt;Info dialogue box. Thus these would need to be synchronised using the VersionNum file. Ben Laughton has some experiance in this area and written some scripts to automate the process. Action RB to consult Ben.


Module modification log
-----------------------

The need for a module wide discription of changes that occur from one module version to another was discussed. Following a cvs commit, the user gets prompted for a change entry for each directory in which changes have taken place. Using the -m flag, you can specify a message to cover the entire module. We could therefore use this to give a !SrcFiler style change log. Actions RB & NT to include these ideas in srcdigest and srccommit workpackages.



Actions complete from last meeting
----------------------------------
* NT - srcmerge workpackage completed for review
* RB - 'other' RISC OS builds and build masters identified
* RB - srccommit workpackage completed for review
* RB - srcnotify workpackage and implementation complete


Outstanding actions from last meeting
-------------------------------------
* KB - RiscOS NFSd
* NT & RB - srcdigest workpackage to be written
* NT & RB - build process overhall workpackage to be written


General
-------
As always project documentation, minutes and workpackages can be found at 
http://dylan/renaissance/docs/

</pre>
</body>
</html>

