<html>
<head>
<title>Meeting 15 Aug 1997 minutes</title>
</head>
<body bgcolor="#ffffff">

<center><h1>Meeting 3, 15 Aug 1997 minutes</h1></center>
<p>
<pre>

Attendees     	Neil Turton, Andy Pirozek, Robert Sproats,
		Kevin Bracey, Rich Buckley.

Absent		Alan Glover, John Farrell, Mike Stephens, Steve Cormie

Next meeting  	22 Aug 1997, 11am, Redwood



Existing branches
-----------------

The following information is accumulating regarding existing builds.


Daytona (Netfax, RS) : 

* kernel changes : startup box in LCD mode, rom mapping changed - based 
  on NC code.
* some new modules written.
* build should be stable next month - would be a good time to merge then as
  srcmerge should be complete. 
* actions (RS) :
	- email RB list of new modules

Ursula (RiscPC2, MS) :

* the kernel change affecting CacheFS that meant the Wimp had to be compiled
  without AMBControl has been fixed. This should be distributed across all
  branches when appropriate.
	  
Spinner (all NC work, NT) :

* StrongARM capable NCOS is becoming more important as the FastNC 
  hardware will be real soon
	
PPlus - Samsung (RS) :

* Russell Thomas is keen to get source for PPlus under source control and 
  sees this group as specifying the way source control should be done.
* current release of PPlus build should ideally be placed within CVS before
  further work is carried out. This will be the responsibility of RS with
  support from this group.
* kernel changes for PPlus are so dramatic, initially it may be worth having
  a different kernel module and live with the problems that entails.
* hacks to SrcModes module should merge in well with the Machine orientated
  build mechanism now in place.
* one other new module has been written.
	
Curtis Mathis (AP) :

* source base for CM is STB2/2 (Perigrine) as built by Tim.
* changes in kernel for VIDC poking, this can possibly be achieved using
  mode files (needs looking into). ROM speeds changed, shift break,
  alt break etc removed. All changes flaged with CouchPotato.
* international keyboard changes for new keys (how does this compare with
  changes made for RCA keyboard in NCOS ?)
* all IR modules done by Chris Berry therefore in CVS already
* podule manager hacked about with in a similar way to STB2
* same serial module as NCOS
* hacked old serial module to give modem driver - yuk !
* new modules : 
    - CMNKI (keyboard filter)
    - EventDispatch
    - Overlay modules
    - STBWatch (watchdog function previously in IR module)
    - SwipeCard
    - VideoSwitch (function previously in STBState)
    - CMModem (Dialler and caller id functions).
* actions (RB, NT) :
	- ask Tim Dobson about Perigrine and see about importing it.

	
Kernel
------

Again the kernel and its various mutations was of concern. Actions MS,
SC, AG to give the problem some *real* brain cycles.


Version numbering
-----------------

srccommit has been written based on last weeks meeting. It is open for 
testing at the moment before going live. It was thought that it should be
offered as a "good way" of doing things at first. If this does not gain
acceptance, the stick approach may be necessary.


Unix or not unix
----------------

Julian Smith had raised concern about our thoughts on RISC OS based CVS.
The minutes of meeting 1 "does not seem good enough" were interpretted 
badly. A lot of the problems Andrew has been having with RISC OS CVS are
due to the filing system it is being run on top of.

BTW the filing system problems should disappear with the FileCore being
developed for RiscPC 2. This should have 256 character filenames, more than
77 files in a directory etc limits fixed.

It was decided that build mastery activity should always be done under unix
for speed reasons. But there should be no reason why RISC OS CVS cannot be
used for day-to-day source control. With the exception of srcnotify, all
wrapper scripts written in perl should work under RISC OS (this does need
testing).

At the end of the day it will be the the choice of the engineer concerned.

Julian is invited to next weeks meeting to discuss this.

Tools
-----

We talked about the various development tools, cc, link, etc. Some things
have recently been fixed in the linker regarding static initialisation
of data. It would be nice to propagate this across the company. More
importantly, all tools that we currently use should be under CVS control.
It is a real mess at the moment. BigSplit2 was mentioned and discussed.

* actions (KB) :
	- get cc sources etc into a state you are happy with ready for
          importing into CVS.
* actions (NT) :
	- make the OS name thing in BigSplit2 optional and distribute this
	  to other build masters. 
	- Import sources into CVS in some good place.


Actions complete from last meeting
----------------------------------
* RS - major source divergence identified
* RB - Russell consulted regarding source control for PPlus
* AP - major source divergence identified
* RB & NT - srccommit workpackage and implementation complete
* RB - Ben consulted regarding use of version number in module wrapped stuff
* KB - nothing concrete on NFSd, to consult Alice Shimmin as I think one
       was used as part of the Cambridge trial.

Actions complete from previous meetings
---------------------------------------
* NT - srcmerge workpackage completed for review
* RB - 'other' RISC OS builds and build masters identified
* RB - srccommit workpackage completed for review
* RB - srcnotify workpackage and implementation complete

Outstanding actions from previous meetings
------------------------------------------
* NT & RB - srcdigest workpackage to be written
* NT & RB - build process overhall workpackage to be written


General
-------
As always project documentation, minutes and workpackages can be found at 
http://dylan/renaissance/docs/

</pre>
</body>
</html>

