<html>
<head>
<title>Meeting 22 Aug 1997 minutes</title>
</head>
<body bgcolor="#ffffff">

<center><h1>Meeting 4, 22 Aug 1997 minutes</h1></center>
<p>
<pre>

Attendees     	Alan Glover, Andy Pirozek, Mike Stephens, Richard Nicoll,
		Julian Smith, Rich Buckley.

Absent		Neil Turton, Robert Sproats, John Farrell, Steve Cormie

Next meeting  	Friday 5th Sep 1997, 2pm, Hollywood


RISC OS CVS
-----------

Julian was invited to this meeting to explain some of the issues
surrounding the RISC OS port of command line CVS.
* Need to run things on a filing system that supports long filenames
  and more than 77 files per directory ie SawFS. Not doing this will
  present problems. The new FileCore being done as part of Ursula
  will not be available for about 6 months and will not be audited
  on any other OS other than Ursula.
* Cannot run RISC OS CVS with !Omni, not sure why but I consider this
  a problem as most people seem to use !Omni.
* RISC OS CVS will perform file path mappings from RISC OS to unix
  therefore a file RiscOS.Sources.HWSupport.IR would be converted to
  RiscOS/Sources/HWSupport/IR before being requested from CVS.
* The simple commands "cvs checkout", "cvs [-nq] update", "cvs commit"
  all work, therefore for day-to-day low volume use it would work.
* Build mastery type work should use unix cvs for speed and 
  flexability reasons.


Source control
--------------

A slight educational exercise was in order to remove some fears raised
over the use of CVS for source control. It was emphasised that using
the branch mechanisms, sources can be logically different between
projects and the access controls currently in place maintain this
security such that other projects cannot interfer with each
other. Holding all company sources in a central place is a "very good
thing" because merges could take place in the future will little
difficulty allowing work to be shared across the company. It was
agreed that the Ursula project would use CVS for its source control.


Kernel
------

As part of the ongoing debate on the Kernel and its various mutations,
concern was expressed that the many compile time flags that have crept
into the kernel over the years has made the sources very
unmaintainable. Mike wanted to clean this up by removing support for
hardware other than Feebie as part of the Ursula work. This would have
meant a divergence of the kernel which is a bad thing. 

A compromise would be to restructure the sources such that they are
more maintainable readable (compile time flags), remove obsolete
hardware support and flags that are no longer applicable.

Mike has completed this work with the result of an 11% reduction in
source code size and simplification of the source structure. The
flags and there values have been documented here for completeness.

The following flags have been removed retaining the code based on the
given value of the conditional :

Fix2(1),Fix3(1),Fix4(1),Fix5(1),Fix6(1),Fix7(1),Fix8(1),Fix9(1),Fix10(1),
Fix11(1),Fix12(1),Fix13(1),Fix14(1),Fix15(1),Fix16(1),ChopOffTheGoolies(0),
DriversInKernel(0),ResetIndirected(1),SoftResets(0),CacheCMOSRAM(1),
GammaCorrection(1),VIDCListType3(1),ExpandedCamMap(1),UseFreePool(1),
NewCDA(1),NewCDA2(1),NewStyle_RMA(1),NewStyle_SpriteArea(1),
NewStyle_RAMDisc(1),NewStyle_FontArea(1),NewStyle_SysHeap(1),
NewStyle_Screen(1),NewStyle_All(1),ModeSelectors(1),LateAborts(1),
med_00001_userma(1),med_00001_twowords(1),med_00001_debug(0),
ExceptionsAreErrors(1),International(1),MouseBufferManager(1),
IrqsInClaimRelease(1),TickIrqReenter(1),RogerEXEY(0),DAF_SpecifyBit(1),
GetPagesFromFreePool(1),AssemblingArthur(1),Simulator(0),
ProcessorVectors(1),{TRUE}(1),{FALSE}(0).

The following machine type strings have been simplified:

CPU_Type : ARM600, IO_Type : IOMD, VIDC_Type : VIDC20, MEMC_Type : IOMD
MEMM_Type : ARM600

In addition, the ROM timing stuff has been simplified :
* RISCPCBurst, NormalSpeedROMS and AutoSpeedROMS removed 
* TimeCPU simplified to use fixed timings (for STB or RO 3.71
  according to flag)
 
Finally, the following source files have been removed :
s.MEMC1, s.MEMC2, s.Vdu.VduPal10


Auto Config
----------- 

A good way of setting engineers up with the correct compilers, source
control tools, libraries and headers would be to place everything
needed on a mount somewhere and provide an application for updating a
machines hard drive with the latest versions of things. Then when
something new is added, an email to acorn-sw to run the update
application is all that is required.


Build process
-------------

Alan expressed the opinion that the current build process is good
enough and the work proposed in the srcbuild workpackage is not
necessary. It was explained that the work was being proposed with
solid arguments backing it up. It is being written in a way that will
be appropriate to all builds but the final choice of amu/make or
srcbuild will be up to the build master themselves.


Build masters
-------------

The idea of having someone responsible for source control within the
company was discussed. Some of the points raise are listed below.

* Single point of reference for source control and build problems.
* Time and scope to address many of the current problems.
* They would need RISC OS and unix experience.
* Anybody given that as a long term job will probably go mad and leave
  the company (in my opinion).
* Funding ?
* Each project would still need a build master.
* Would a peer group (like the source control meetings) be better ?
  Single person would still need to seek much advice from peers.


Actions complete from last meeting
----------------------------------


Actions complete from previous meetings
---------------------------------------
* NT & RB - build process overhall workpackage to be written
* RS - major source divergence identified
* RB - Russell consulted regarding source control for PPlus
* AP - major source divergence identified
* RB & NT - srccommit workpackage and implementation complete
* RB - Ben consulted regarding use of version number in module wrapped stuff
* KB - nothing concrete on NFSd, to consult Alice Shimmin as I think one
       was used as part of the Cambridge trial.
* NT - srcmerge workpackage completed for review
* RB - 'other' RISC OS builds and build masters identified
* RB - srccommit workpackage completed for review
* RB - srcnotify workpackage and implementation complete

Outstanding actions from previous meetings
------------------------------------------
* NT & RB - srcdigest workpackage to be written
* NT & RB - find out about Peregrine build

General
-------
As always project documentation, minutes and workpackages can be found at 
http://dylan/renaissance/docs/

</pre>
</body>
</html>

