Interfacing Replay and Linear Handlers aware of AudioControl
============================================================

History
-------

18/06/96 amg 0.00  Created

Introduction
------------

This document describes how 16-bit Sound Linear Handlers communicate
their awareness of the AudioControl system to ARMovie and any other
applications which might make use of them.

Familiarity is assumed with the 'Using Replay Sound Code' document
to be found in the ARMovie source tree and the 'AudioControl module
API' specification document to be found with the AudioControl
sources.

AudioControl-aware flag
-----------------------

Bit 2 of the SndCounter/SndIfFlags word has been allocated to
indicate the driver's awareness of the Audio Control module. This bit
will be set if the driver is written to use AudioControl. 

Note that this is *not* an AudioControl presence indication - the
handlers are written to check for AudioControl and fall back to
communicating directly with SoundDMA if AudioControl is not present.
Anything which uses this flag should operate in the same manner.

This bit will become valid after a call to the SndPlay entry with
operation codes 1 or 2.

Using the AudioControl facilities in ARMovie
--------------------------------------------

ARMovie can detect whether it has a handler aware of AudioControl by
looking for the flag bit as described above.

Handlers which set this flag bit will have an extra data word at
SndCounter+32 (overall offset +44 into the driver) which gives an
*offset* from the *start* of the code to the fill handler, ie to gain
a real address you must add the address of the beginning of the
linear handler (ie the SndPlay entry) to this offset.

This fill handler address must be quoted to AudioControl on certain
calls, eg AudioControl_LinearHandler 2 which selects the active
linear handler, or used with AudioControl_LinearHandler 0 (which
returns the active linear handler) to determine whether this linear
handler is currently providing sound. 

For consistent operation applications should first check whether they
have the current linear handler before deciding whether to gain or
disown the sound facility. Further, the application should ensure
that it can cope in the absence of AudioControl. This can be done by
calling the X form of AudioControl_LinearHandler 0 - since this SWI
will not return an error itself, any error can be expected to
indicate the absence of AudioControl (eg SWI not known).

