.TH MNARS 8 "31 August 1994"
.SH NAME
mnars - Media Net address server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
mnars [ -v ] [ -e tool ] [ -h heap-size ]
	[ -g physical-address | -i physical-address ]... [ subnet ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
mnars, the Media Net address server, issues addresses to Media Net nodes
and acts as the central router in a Media Net network.  When started,
the address server will open up one or more network interface objects
which are addressable by the one or more "physical" addresses given.
.LP
When subsequent Media Net nodes are started, they may be pointed to the
address server by providing one of the physical addresses as the gateway
physical address to mnInit(3).  The address server serves both to respond
to address requests and as the central router in the Media Net network.
.LP
Any number of physical addresses may be given as options, depending on
the number of network interface objects that the particular version of
mnars is capable of supporting.  If no physical addresses are given, then
mnars will check the OMN_ADDR environment variable for a single physical
address.  At least one physical address must be defined.
.LP
An optional subnet may be given to control the range of addresses that
Media Net will assign.  If not specified, it assumes a subnet of 1.0.0.0.
Pre-assigning subnets is necessary when using mnjoin(1).
.LP
mnars must be run prior to starting any other Media Net node.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-v
Print the version used.
.TP
-g physical-address
Specify a physical address to bind to a network interface object
opened by the address server.  This option may be repeated several times.
.TP
-i physical-address
Same as -g except that corresponding NIO will be opened in an interrupt-based
mode if possible.
.TP
-e tool
Specify a logging tool.  tool may be one of 'screen', 'log', or 'console'.
If log is specified, mnars.log is used.  If no tool is specified, screen
is chosen.
.TP
-h heap-size
Specify a heap size.  The heap size is the size of the fixed-size heap
that Media Net will be initialized with.  A suffix of 'k' may be used
to indicate thousands (e.g. -h 512k means a heap size of 524288).  If
no heap size is specified, malloc() and free() are used instead.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OMN_ADDR
A physical address to be used as a default if the -g option is not present.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnjoin(1), mnnio_intro(4).
.SH BUGS
In the event of failure, all Media Net nodes using the address server
must be restarted, even those running on different machines.
