.TH MNLOGCTL 8 "17 June 1996" "Oracle Media Net"
.SH NAME
mnlogctl - Oracle Media Net Event Control Utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
usage: mnlogctl [ -hVT ] [ -R resource-statement ] [ -P resource-file ]
    [ verb ] [ producer-id ] [ consumer-id ] [ optargs ... ]
 
   -h -> show-usage
   -V -> print-version
   -T -> verbose=true
.SH DESCRIPTION
mnlogctl is a control program for inspecting and changing the routing
and filtering of events in the OMN ORB.  It can inspect the
distributed event generators in all known processes, and any mnlogsrv
loggers present in the system.

There are two modes of operation, interactive and batch.  Many operations
are only meaningful in interactive mode.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-h
show usage help.
.TP
-V
show version help.
.TP
-T
vebose mode.
.TP
-R resource-statement
Set resource on command line.
.TP
-P resource-file
Set resources from a file.
.TP
[ verb ] Optional verb; if absent, interactive mode is entered.
Possible verbs are \fIinfo, filters, procs, receivers, logs, defaults,
set, add, delete\fP and \fIhelp\fR.
.TP
[ producer-id ] 
The identify of a producer, either a host:pid[:affinity] string or the
stringified object reference of a \fIyeev\fR object in a process.
.TP
[ consumer-id ] 
.TP
[ producer-id ] 
The identify of a consumer, either a host:pid[:affinity]:receiverName
string or the stringified object reference of a
\fIyeevReceiver\fR-compatible object in a process.  
.TP
[ optargs ... ]
any additional arbuments for the verb.
.SH "INTERACTIVE MODE"
In interactive mode, returned objects are assigned integer index
values instead of being shown as strigified object references.
Subsequently, when a producer-id or consumer-id is needed, either 
the index integer or a stringified object reference may be supplied.
.SH VERB DESCRIPTION
.TP
help
list the known verbs and arguments, as in this list.
.TP
info producer-id
get global statistics from producer producer-id.
.TP
filters producer-id 
list all filters on the producer producer-id.
.TP
filters producer-id consumer-id
list the filters of produced producer-id for destination
consumer-id.
.TP
procs [regexp]
list processes by host:pid:affinity and name; restrict
output by regular expresssion if supplied
.TP
receivers producer-id [regexp]
list all receivers in producer producer-id.  Limit output
to regexp, if provided.
.TP
set producer-id consumer-id filter
program event producer at producer-id as per the list of filter
strings, all for destination consumer-id.  Deletes any current
programming in producer-id for consumer-id first.
.TP
add producer-id consumer-id filter
program event producer at producer-id to add the filter strings
to the end of the list for dest consumer-id.
.TP
delete producer-id consumer-id
delete references to destination consumer-id in producer-id;
silences all sends from prod to dest.
.TP
delete producer-id consumer-id filter
program event producer at producer-id to remove the 
string filter for destination consumer-id.
.TP
logs logger-id	    
list all logs in logger logger-id
.TP
defaults logger-id
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OMN_ADDR
The physical address of the address server to use.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnorbsrv(8), mnorbls(1), mnlogctl(8)
