.TH MNLOGREADER 8 "17 June 1996" "Oracle Media Net"
.SH NAME
mnlogreader - Oracle Media Net log reader program 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
mnlogreader [ -cehVT ] [ -f filter-spec ] [ -i log-file-name ]
    [ -m msg-path... ] [ -n implementation-name ] [ -t log-dest-type ] 
    [ -R resource-statement ] [ -P resource-file ]

   -c -> continuous-head=true
   -e -> continuous-tail-events=true
   -h -> show-usage
   -V -> print-version
   -T -> verbose=true

.SH DESCRIPTION
mnlogreader reads a log file for display to the local terminal.  It
will do this locally itself or by using a remote mnlogsrv to get
access to the file.

To look at "rollover" files, use the -i option with the rollover
numeric extensions.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-c continuous-head=true.  
Show all of a log file, in continuous mode, like tail +0f.  Exit with
an interrupt.  Stops when the file is rolled over.
.TP
-e continuous-tail-events=true
Show all events being delivered to the logger, continuously, without
looking at any log file.
.TP
-h
show-usage
.TP
-V
print-version
.TP
-T
verbose=true
.TP
-f filter-spec... 
Have the server apply this filter to all events returned.
.TP
-i log-file-name
Use this input log file.  Default is mnlogsrv.log
.TP
-m msg-path... 
Use these directories to locate .mot files for message lookup.
.TP
-n implementation-name 
The log objects used to read the log file must have this
implementation name.  If no name is provided, the log reader will use
built-in objects that can access local files.  If it is necessary to
use a mnlogsrv daemon on another machine, you will need to give its
implemenation name with this argument.  
.TP
-t { binfile | textfile }
The input logfile is of this type.  Default is binfile.
.TP
-R resource-statement 
.TP
-P resource-file
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OMN_ADDR
The physical address of the address server to use.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnlogsrv(8), mnlogctl(8).

