.TH MNORBADM 8 "17 June 1996" "Oracle Media Net"
.SH NAME
mnorbadm - Oracle Media Net ORB Administration Utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
usage: mnorbadm [ -klhVT ] [ -D dispatcher-ref ] [ -i interface-name ]
    [ -I implementation-name ] [ -n limit-to-proc-name ]
    [ -p proc-host-pid-affinity ] [ -q queue-name ] [ -Q queue-ref ]
    [ -s new-admin-state ] [ -Y yort-ref ] [ -R resource-statement ]
    [ -P resource-file ]

   -k -> kill-process=TRUE
   -l -> do-listing=TRUE
   -h -> show-usage
   -V -> print-version
   -T -> verbose=true
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The mnorbadm program performs queries to and updates on the YO object
runtime in server processes.  It is most commonly used to shut down
servers, or components within servers.  It can be used to collect
operating statistics, though mnorbmet scales better.

By default, the target is taken as being all the dispatchers in the 
selected servers.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-k kill-process
Take the target as beeing the process adminStatus in the server.
.TP
-l
Do a query operation
.TP
-h 
show usage help.
.TP
-V
show version help.
.TP
-T
turn on some verbose output.
.TP
-D dispatcher-ref
Identify a dispatcher target by stringified object reference.
.TP
-i interface-name
Identify an interface target by name
.TP
-I implementation-name
Identify an implementation target by name
.TP
-n limit-to-proc-name
Restrict operations to servers having this process name.
.TP
-p proc-host-pid-affinity
Identify a server by host:pid[:affinity]
.TP
-q queue-name
Identify a queue target by name, \fIe.g.,\fR yo-queue
.TP
-Q queue-ref
Identify a queue target by stringified object reference.
.TP
-s new-admin-state
Do a set operation, using the value as the new administative state.
.TP
-Y yort-ref
Identify a target process by stringified object reference.
.TP
-R resource-statement
Assign resource values.
.TP
-P resource-file
Assign resource values from a file
.SH DEFINITIONS
\fBServers\fP are processes containing an known YO "yort" object.  The
yort becomes known when the process activates an implementation of any
interface.  For mnorbmet, a single server may be identified with the
-p or -y options.  A class of servers may be identified with the -n
flag.  If no single or class of servers is identified, all known
servers will be contacted.

\fBTargets\fP are objects in yorts in servers on which mnorbmet
operates.  These are implemenations, queues, dispatchers, and the yort
runtime itself.  The -i and -I flags identify an { interface,
implementation } target pair.  If no implementation is specifiied, it
defaults to all the dispatchers in the server.  One target in a server
may be identified using -i/-I, -d, -D, -k -q, or -Q.  If -k is
supplied, the operation will be directed at the yort_proc.

The two \fBoperations\fR performed by mnorbmet are either "list" or
"set new admin state".  Exactly one of these must be specified with
either the -l or -s flags.  The precise meaning of the listing or set
operation, and the valid domain of admin state values depends on the
target.
.SH "ADMIN STATES"
The values for admin state that may be specified for various targets
are as follows.
.TP
\fBimplementations\fP and \fBdispatchers\fP
may take the values \fIdown, run,
congested, restart\fP, and \fIquiesce\fP.  

Setting the admin state of an implementation state may drive a
callback in the server for implementation-specific action (see
yocoa.h)  The default behaviour for each is:
.nf
      State         Action
      --------------------------------------------------------
      down          yoImplDeactivate(intf,impl);
      run           yoImplResume(intf,impl);
      halted        <none>
      congested     yoImplSuspend(intf,impl);
      restart       <none>
      quiesce       if(stateless) yoImplDeactivate(intf,impl);
.fi
For dispatchers, \fIdown\fR causes that single dispatcher to exit.
Other values have no effect.
.TP
\fBqueues\fP
may take the value \fIdown\fP, which causes yoShutdown of all
dispatchers servicing the queue.
.TP
\fBprocesses\fP
accept the admin state value \fIinvalid\fP, which causes a ysePanic in
the server.  This drops core on UNIX.  Setting the admin state to
other values has no effect.
.SH "SET EXAMPLES"
.TP
mnorbadm -s down
Is a graceful way of shutting down all processes in the system.  The
servers are contacted in unpredicatable order, so some are likely to 
experience transport timeouts as they send shutdown messages to
servers that have already gone down.
.TP
mnorbadm -s down -n mnfoosrv
Is a graceful way of shutting down all the mnfoosrv processes in the system.
.TP
mnorbadm -i foointf -s down
deactivates all the foointf interfaces in all processes in the system.
.TP
mnorbadm -s down -p senna:1234
shuts down a process by host:pid.
.TP
.SH "QUERY EXAMPLES"
.TP
mnorbadm -l
lists summary information about the process, its queues, its
dispatchers, and the implementations for all processes.  This is long
and voluminous.  More detail (including methods statistics) is available
from mnorbmet.
.TP
mnorbadm -l -p senna:1234 -i intf
lists information about a specific interface in one process.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OMN_ADDR
The physical address of the address server to use.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnorbsrv(8), mnorbls(1), mnorbctl(5), mnprocstat(1)
