.TH MNSCD 8 "09 February 1995"
.SH NAME
mnscd - Media Net process server daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
mnscd [ -v ] [ -g physical address ] [ -e tool ] [ -h heap-size ] [ -c config_file ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
mnscd, the Media Net process server daemon, represents a particular
host to Media Net services. It is used primarily by the process server
(\fImnsc\fR) to spawn new processes on the host.
.LP
A process server daemon must to be started on each
participating host. mnscd reads a configuration file (\fIconfig.mnscd\fR) to
find out which servers it can spawn; it then registers with the
name service under \fI/hosts/<hostname>/mnscds\fR.
.LP
When the process server starts up, it will contact the name
service to discover which hosts are running the daemon; it then queries
each daemon to find out which servers that daemon can spawn. Every time
mnsc discovers a new server class in this manner, it will make a single
entry in the name service for it; initially, there are no instances of
that service class running (unless they have been started manually).
.LP
As described in mnsc(1), requests for such server classes will now
be sent to mnsc; mnsc will then dispatch them to the appropriate server
class instance(s).
.LP
When a request for a server class arrives and there there are no instances
of it running or the number of calls queued for it exceeds the high-water
mark, mnsc will scan its list of hosts for that server class, select the
one with the fewest instances running on it and send a request to that
host's daemon to spawn a new instance.  The new server that the daemon
starts will behave exactly as a (threaded) server that has been manually
started, i.e. it will register with mnsc and then indicate that it is
ready to accept service requests. No instances of the server class need to
be started by hand.
.LP
The format of each line in the configuration file is: 
.RS 3
.TP
servername p,p,p,p,p,p,p,p:v,r executable <args... > 
.RE
.RS 6
.TP
servername:
the name the server uses to register with the name service
.TP
p,p,p,p,p,p,p,p:
program id the server uses to register with the name service
.TP
v:
version the server uses to register with the name service
.TP
r:
release the server uses to register with the name service
.TP
executable:
full pathname to the binary 
.TP
args:
arguments to the executable 
.RE
.LP
Blank lines and comments (lines which start with '#') are allowed. 
.LP
The configuration file must exist, but can be empty.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-c config_file
Specify the name of the configuration file. By default, it is
"config.mnscd" and is assumed to be in the directory in which mnscd is
started.
.TP
-e tool
Specify a logging tool.  tool may be one of 'screen', 'log', or 'console'.
If log is specified, mznm.log is used.  If no tool is specified, screen
is chosen.
.TP
-g physical-address
Specify the physical address to use to reach the address server.  If
not specified, the value in the environment variable OMN_ADDR is used.
.TP
-v
Print the version used.
.TP
-h heap-size
Specify a heap size.  The heap size is the size of the fixed-size heap
that Media Net will be initialized with.  A suffix of 'k' may be used
to indicate thousands (e.g. -h 512k means a heap size of 524288).  If
no heap size is specified, malloc() and free() are used instead.
.SH NOTES
Mnsc must be started after all mnscd's have been started. 
.LP
There should be at most one mnscd running per host per Media Net
installation.
.LP
Only
.I threaded
servers should be specified in the configuration file.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OMN_ADDR
The physical address of the address server to use.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnsc(8), mnps(1), mnscmd(1), mznm(8).
.SH BUGS
If the configuration file is modified, mnscd must be restarted in
order for the changes to be noticed.
.LP
If mnscd is restarted, then mnsc must be restarted so that it will
notice the new mnscd.
.LP
mnscd has not been ported to the nCube.
