.TH MNSC 8 "09 February 1995"
.SH NAME
mnsc - Media Net process server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
mnsc [ -v ] [ -g physical address ] [ -i physical-address ] [ -e tool ] [ -h heap-size ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
mnsc, the Media Net process server, manages Media Net RPC servers.
Each RPC server that is threaded registers itself with the process
server.  The process server creates a queue on behalf of the
individual instances (collectively known as a
\fIserver class\fR)
to accept RPC calls from clients.  It then
dispatches each call to any of the RPC servers that are available
to accept calls.
.LP
A queue may be in one of three states: running, paused, or stopped.
A running queue will actively accept calls and dispatch them.  A
paused queue will accept calls from clients but will not dispatch
them.  A stopped queue will no longer accept calls from clients.
After emptying the queue of any pending calls, all instances attached
to the queue will be shut down.  Finally, the queue itself will be
removed.
.LP
Once registered, an instance is either processing a call or waiting
for another call to be dispatched.  An instance may also be individually
paused, in which case calls are temporarily not dispatched to the instance.
An instance may also be stopped, in which case just that instance is
shut down.
.LP
The process server is capable of spawning new server processes for a
server class when the server class' call queue exceeds its high-water mark
(the default is 
\fI3\fR).
See mnscd(8) for details.
.LP
The process server accumulates statistics over time about its
activities.  These may be viewed using mnps(1).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-e tool
Specify a logging tool.  tool may be one of 'screen', 'log', or 'console'.
If log is specified, mznm.log is used.  If no tool is specified, screen
is chosen.
.TP
-g physical-address
Specify the physical address to use to reach the address server.  If
not specified, the value in the environment variable OMN_ADDR is used.
.TP
-h heap-size
Specify a heap size.  The heap size is the size of the fixed-size heap
that Media Net will be initialized with.  A suffix of 'k' may be used
to indicate thousands (e.g. -h 512k means a heap size of 524288).  If
no heap size is specified, malloc() and free() are used instead.
.TP
-i physical-address
Same as -g except that corresponding NIO will be opened in an interrupt-based
mode if possible.
.TP
-v
Print the version used.
.SH NOTES
The name server must be running to use the process server.
.LP
New servers for a given server class will be spawned no faster than one
every 60 seconds. This prevents excess servers from being generated
before the first new server can begin handling requests.
.LP
It is advisable to run the process server on a lightly-loaded system
since it may have to dispatch large numbers of calls.
.LP
Pausing a queue may cause the call queue length to increase enough to
cause a new instance to be spawned. This new instance will not be
spawned however, until the queue is restarted. Pausing an instance when
there is only one for a queue may also cause a new instance to be spawned.
In this case, however, the new instance will be spawned as soon as the
high-water mark is exceeded.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OMN_ADDR
The physical address of the address server to use.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnps(1), mnscmd(1), mnrRegister(3), mnars(8), mnscd(8), mznm(8).
.SH BUGS
In the event of failure, all Media Net nodes using the process server
must be restarted, even those running on different machines.
.LP
There is no provision as yet for more than one process server in the
same Media Net network.
.LP
There is currently no way to modify the high-water value.
.LP
Spawned processes are not reaped when they are no longer needed. They
must be killed using the mnscmd
.I stop
command (see mnscmd(1)).
