.TH MZNM 8 "13 December 1994"
.SH NAME
mznm - Media Net name server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
mznm [ -v ] [ -g physical-address ] [ -i physical-address ]
	[ -e tool ] [ -h heap-size ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
mznm, the Media Net name server, manages the Media Net namespace.
The Media Net namespace is hierarchically organized into directories
and leaf entries.
.LP
The root directory is denoted by a slash (/).  Each process executes
within the context of a current directory.  The current directory
of a process is defined via the environment variable OMN_CWD.  Its
current value may be obtained with mnGetCwd(3).  If OMN_CWD is not
defined, it defaults to "/".  If OMN_CWD is defined, it must be
defined with an absolute pathname.
.LP
A pathname is a string starting with an optional slash, followed by
zero or more directory names, followed by an entry name.  A pathname
beginning with a slash is an absolute pathname; one without a slash
is a relative pathname.  Each element of a pathname is a text string
that may consist of letters, numbers, spaces, underscores, dashes,
'#', '$', and '?'.
.LP
When creating or looking up a name in the name server, if the name
is absolute, it will be resolved based only on the name given; if
the name is relative, it will be resolved relative to the current
directory of the process.  The full name of an entry must be unique
within the namespace.
.LP
There are three types of entries: programs, named ports, and symbolic
links.
.LP
A program entry identifies an RPC-based server program.  The entry
consists of the program name, a Media Net address for the server,
and the program ID of the program.  The program ID plus associated
version number uniquely identifies a particular type of RPC service;
if an entry includes a program ID, the combination of name plus program
ID and version number must be unique within the namespace.  Program
entries are created with mnrRegister(3).
.LP
A named port identifies a transport-layer port created with mnOpen(3).
The entry consists of the port name and a Media Net address for the
port.  Named port entries are created with mznBind(3).
.LP
A symbolic link is an alias for another name.  When is alias is resolved,
the the value of the alias is substituted for the original name and
resolution continues.  Thus, a chain of symbolic links is possible.
Aliases are created through a command-line utility, mnln(1).
.LP
mznm must be run prior to running any RPC-based Media Net program.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-v
Print the version used.
.TP
-g physical-address
Specify the physical address to use to reach the address server.  If
not specified, the value in the environment variable OMN_ADDR is used.
.TP
-i physical-address
Same as -g except that corresponding NIO will be opened in an interrupt-based
mode if possible.
.TP
-e tool
Specify a logging tool.  tool may be one of 'screen', 'log', or 'console'.
If log is specified, mznm.log is used.  If no tool is specified, screen
is chosen.
.TP
-h heap-size
Specify a heap size.  The heap size is the size of the fixed-size heap
that Media Net will be initialized with.  A suffix of 'k' may be used
to indicate thousands (e.g. -h 512k means a heap size of 524288).  If
no heap size is specified, malloc() and free() are used instead.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OMN_ADDR
The physical address of the address server to use.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnls(1), mnln(1), mnrm(1), mznBind(3), mznInsEntry(3), mnrRegister(3),
mnars(8).
.SH BUGS
In the event of failure, all Media Net nodes using the name server must
be restarted, even those running on different machines.
.LP
There is no provision as yet for more than one name server in the same
Media Net network.
.LP
It may be the case that in the future, the OMN_CWD value is implicitly
defined based on how the process joins the Media Net network and not
exclusively on environment variables.  At present, the directories
themselves (and consequently, the sepcial names '.' and '..') do
not appear in the namespace.
