.\ 
.\ $Header$ 
.\ 
.\ Copyright (c) 1991 by Oracle Corporation 
.\
.\   NAME
.\     nsp.8 - Man page for name server itself
.\
.\   DESCRIPTION
.\     Describes the actual invocation of the nameserver.
.\
.\   MODIFIED   (MM/DD/YY)
.\    gpriores   10/21/91 -  Creation 

.TH NSP 8 "May 29 1992" "nCUBE system software"
.SH NAME
nsp -- nCUBE name server process

.SH SYNOPSIS

xnc [\fIxncopts\fP] nsp [-a\fI<addrfile>\fP] [-d[\fI<datafile>\fP]] 
[-c\fI<interval>\fP]

.SH DESCRIPTION 
The nameserver process provides the nCUBE with a
system-wide string-mapping service, with the optional capability to
store these mappings on disk for recovery in case of error. This
capability is an option on an entry-by-entry basis in the normal case,
but the nameserver may be invoked in "temp-only" mode using the -d
option, in which case this service is not available to any client.

.SH OPTIONS

.HP 8
\fIaddrfile\fP -- the file in which to save the nameserver address. Overrides
the value of NSPLOC.

.HP 8
\fIdatafile\fP -- the base path and file name of the data files to be used
by the nameserver. If -d is specified with no name, the nameserver is
brought up in temp-only mode. Overrides the value of NSPFILES.

.HP 8
\fIinterval\fP -- the number of "permanent" nameserver operations that
pass between nameserver database checkpoints. This option is invalid
when temp-only mode is specified with -d, and overrides the
environment variable NSPCKPT.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
Two environment variables control the operation of the name server:

.TP 8
NSPFILES
must be set to a base path and file name from which the three files the NSP 
uses for operation will be derived. The three files the NSP uses for storage 
and failure 
recovery are derived by concatenating the suffices ".dir", ".log", 
and ".rep" 
to NSPFILES. If NSPFILES is not set, the default value of 
\fB/usr/ncube/current/local/etc/nsp\fP is used. NSPFILES may be
overridden with the -d command-line option. Note that
NSPFILES may not be used to specify a temp-only nameserver; this may
only be done with -d.

.TP 8
NSPLOC
must be set to the full pathname of the file in which the NSP is to store its 
address 
for communication. If the default addressing feature of the 
NSP is to be 
used, NSPLOC must be set to the same value in the client and server processes.
If NSPLOC is not set, the address is written to \fB/tmp/nsp.addr\fP.
NSPLOC may be overridden with the -a command-line option.

.TP 8
NSPCKPT
overrides the default number of permanent entry create or destroy
operations that occur between checkpoints of the nameserver database.
NSPCKPT may be overridden with the -c command-line option. Unlike -c,
it is not an error if a value is provided and a temp-only nameserver
is specified: its value will just be ignored.

.SH FILES
$NSPLOC
.br
/tmp/nsp.addr
.br
$NSPFILES.dir
.br
$NSPFILES.log
.br
$NSPFILES.rep
.br
/usr/ncube/current/local/etc/nsp.dir
.br
/usr/ncube/current/local/etc/nsp.log
.br
/usr/ncube/current/local/etc/nsp.rep

.SH SEE ALSO
nsplib(3), nspcmd(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Gordon Prioreschi (gpriores@oracle.com)
