.TH MNJOIN 1 "22 February 1995"
.SH NAME
mnjoin - join multiple address servers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
mnjoin [ -g physical-address ] physical-address ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
mnjoin joins multiple address servers together into one Media Net network.
Each address server is identified by a physical address given as a parameter
to mnjoin.  If an address server has opened more than one network interface
object, only one physical address for the process needs to be given.
.LP
Each physical address is taken to identify an address server that is to
be joined together.  At least two physical addresses must be given.  The
physical addresses must all belong to the same address family as the
gateway address used by mnjoin itself.
.LP
Once address servers are joined together, they effectively form one Media
Net network and processes which are serviced by one address server can now
communicate with processes being serviced by another address server.
.SH USAGE
Joining multiple address servers together is primarily done to distribute
Media Net traffic across multiple processes and physical networks (e.g.
multiple Ethernets).  This is only effective if the other processes in the
system are distributed across the different address servers.  In other
words, the different processes that are started up should have different
OMN_ADDR values specified in order to properly distribute the load.  The
effectiveness of the distribution will only be as effective as the
distribution of the processes themselves.
.LP
mnjoin must be done after all the address servers are brought up but before
any other process (including the name server) is started.  Otherwise,
processes that are brought before the address servers are joined will not
be universally reachable.
.LP
The address servers themselves should be started up with distinct subnets
assigned.  If not, there will be addressing conflicts and routing will
fail.
.LP
Also, the physical addresses given to mnjoin determine the transport
method used for traffic between the address servers themselves.  Thus,
the fastest available transport should be chosen for this purpose.
.LP
mnjoin only needs to be run once when the network is first being started.
.SH EXAMPLE
THe following example startup sequence illustrates the usage:
.LP
.RS
.nf
example% mnars -h 512k -i IPC:gateway1 -i UDP:ether1:6500 1.0.0.0
example% mnars -h 512k -i IPC:gateway1 -i UDP:ether2:6501 2.0.0.0
example% mnjoin -g IPC:gateway1 IPC:gateway1 IPC:gateway2
.fi
.RE
.LP
Alternatively, the operation could be done as follows:
.LP
.RS
.nf
example% mnjoin -g UDP:ether1:6500 UDP:ether1:6500 UDP:ether2:6501
.fi
.RE
.LP
The net effect of the two mnjoin operations is the same.  The only
difference is that the address servers will use UDP to communicate
between themselves in the latter case.  They will still be able to
fully pass through traffic going between IPC or UDP.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OMN_ADDR
The physical address of the address server to use.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnars(8).
