.TH MNPING 1 "31 August 1994"
.SH NAME
mnping - Media Net test utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
mnping [ -m | -s ] [ -l ] [ -p length ] [ -o filename ]
	[ -v ] [ -g physical-address ] [ -i physical-address ]
	[ -e tool ] [ -h heap-size ] [ -r ] [ -d delay ] [ address ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
mnping is used to verify network and node status.  It may be used to
perform one of several functions:
.TP
Ping
A ping is used to test that a particular Media Net node is reachable and
available to process packets.  A ping is conducted by sending a packet
to the destination to elicit an echo response.  When the echo response
is received, the number of milliseconds it took to complete the operation
is reported.  A ping will wait at most one second for a response.
.TP
Reliable Send
A reliable send is used to test a node's ability to participate in
a reliable protocol.  The data sent is the string "0123456789" repeated
over and over up to the maximum length of the data being sent.  When
data is sent, the number of milliseconds it took to complete the
operation is reported.
.TP
Reliable Receive
A reliable receive is used to receive data being sent with a reliable
from an arbitrary source (most often, an mnping performing a reliable
send).  When data is received, the number of bytes received and the
address of the sender is reported.
.LP
If an address is given, it may either be a Media Net address or a name.
If it is a name, the name will be located in the name server.  The
resulting address will then be used for the requested function.  If
no address is given, the mnars node itself is selected.
In listen mode, the name or address is bound to the listening port.
An address is required for all functions except the basic ping.
.SH OVERALL OPTIONS
.TP
-m
Message-based reliable protocol.  If this option appears
without the -l option, perform a reliable send.
.TP
-s
Stream-based reliable protocol.  If this option appears
without the -l option, perform a reliable send.
.SH MODIFIERS
These options may be used in any mode.
.TP
-v
Print the version used.
.TP
-g physical-address
Specify the physical address to use to reach the address server.  If
not specified, the value in the environment variable OMN_ADDR is used.
.TP
-i physical-address
Same as -g except that corresponding NIO will be opened in an interrupt-based
mode if possible.
.TP
-e tool
Specify a logging tool.  tool may be one of 'screen', 'log', or 'console'.
If log is specified, mnping.log is used.  If no tool is specified, screen
is chosen.
.TP
-h heap-size
Specify a heap size.  The heap size is the size of the fixed-size heap
that Media Net will be initialized with.  A suffix of 'k' may be used
to indicate thousands (e.g. -h 512k means a heap size of 524288).  If
no heap size is specified, malloc() and free() are used instead.
.TP
-r
Repeat mode.  If used, mnping will repeatedly perform whatever function
has been specified.  mnping may be terminated with a keyboard interrupt.
.TP
-d delay
When in repeat mode, this specifies the delay in between each iteration.
delay is specified in milliseconds.  The default delay is 1000 milliseconds.
.SH RELIABLE PROTOCOL OPTIONS
These options are only meaningful if they appear with -m or -s.  Otherwise,
they are ignored.
.TP
-l
Listen mode.  If this option appears with either -m or -s, then
mnping will perform a reliable receive using the appropriate protocol.
.TP
-p length
Specify the length of the data to send or receive.  When sending, this
specifies the total amount of data to send.  When receiving, this can
have different meanings depending on the protocol.  For -m, this is the
total buffer size allocated to receive a single message.  For -s, this
is the buffer size allocated to receive a piece of a stream; mnping
will continue receive segments of the stream until the end of the
stream is encountered.  If this option is not specified, the data length
defaults to 64 bytes.
.TP
-o filename
Write the received data to filename.  This is only valid with the -l
option.  The payload of the received data is written to the given file.
If omitted, the data is simply discarded.  A '-' may be substituted for
filename to write the data to the standard output.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OMN_ADDR
The physical address of the address server to use if the -g option
is not present.
.SH EXAMPLES
To ping the Media Net port at address 1.0.1.225:
.LP
.RS
.nf
host1% mnping 1.0.1.225
.fi
.RE
.LP
To create a listener named 'test' that will wait to receive a 1000-byte
(or less) message:
.LP
.RS
.nf
host1% mnping -lm -p 1000 test
.fi
.RE
.LP
To send a 1000-byte message to the listener:
.LP
.RS
.nf
host2% mnping -m -p 1000 test
.fi
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
mnnio_intro(4), mnars(8)
