.TH MNPS 1 "20 September 1994"
.SH NAME
mnps - display the status of the Media Net process server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
mnps [ -v ] [ -g physical-address ] [ -i physical-address ]
	[ -ascl ] [ queue-address ... ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
mnps queries the Media Net process server and displays information
about queues.  The -s option causes additional information to be
shown about each server instance attached to the queue.  The -c
option causes additional information to be shown about each call
pending in the queue.
.LP
If no queue-address is specified, then information about all queues
is displayed.  Otherwise, only those queues whose queue address matches
one of the given queue-address arguments will be displayed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-a
Equivalent to specifying both -s and -c.
.TP
-s
Display additional information about server instances.
.TP
-c
Display additional information about pending calls.
.TP
-l
Display more detailed information about the queues and server instances.
.TP
-v
Print the version used.
.TP
-g physical-address
Specify the physical address to use to reach the address server.  If
not specified, the value in the environment variable OMN_ADDR is used.
.TP
-i physical-address
Same as -g except that corresponding NIO will be opened in an interrupt-based
mode if possible.
.SH QUEUE FIELDS
The following list describes each field that may appear for a queue
description.  A (l) following the field name indicates that this field
is only printed when -l is used.
.TP 20
QUEUE ADDR
The address of the queue as registered with the name server.
.TP 20
SF
The status of the queue.  The first letter may be one of the following:
.RS
.TP 4
R
The queue is active.
.TP 4
P
The queue is paused.
.TP 4
S
The queue is stopped.
.RE
.TP 20
ISTAT (l)
Instance statistics.  This field will display the current, average,
maximum concurrent, and total number of server instances registered.
.TP 20
CSTAT (l)
Call statistics.  This field will display the current, average,
maximum concurrent, and the total number of calls dispatched.
.TP 20
QSTAT (l)
Queue statistics.  This field will display the current, average, and
maximum length of the queue, followed by the average time a call
spends in the queue.
.TP 20
NAME
The name of the queue as registered in the name server.
.TP 20
ICNT
The number of instances currently registered.
.TP 20
CCNT
The number of calls currently dispatched.
.TP 20
QCNT
The number of calls pending in the queue.
.SH INSTANCE FIELDS
The following list describes each field that may appear for an instance
description.  A (l) following the field name indicates that this field
is only printed when -l is used.
.TP 20
INSTANCE ADDR
The address of the server instance.
.TP 20
ST
The state of the instance.  This may be one of the following:
.RS
.TP 4
P
The instance is paused.
.TP 4
I
The instance is initializing.
.TP 4
W
The instance is waiting.
.TP 4
R
The instance is running.
.TP 4
RP
The instance is running and will be paused when it attempts to get the
next request.
.TP 4
RS
The instance is running and will be stopped when it attempts to get the
next request.
.RE
.TP 20
GETTM (l)
The elapsed time since the instance called the process server to get
the next request.
.TP 20
FWDTM (l)
The elapsed time since the process server forwarded a request to the
instance.
.TP 20
LAST
The last time there was activity from the instance.  This is the
lesser of GETTM and FWDTM.
.TP 20
CCNT
The number of calls dispatched to the instance.
.TP 20
DELAY
The average interval between the time when the call is forwarded to
the instance and the next time it attempts to get a request.  This is
a measure of the speed with which the instance processes a call.
.TP 20
CALL ADDR (l)
The address of the client who made the last call that was dispatched
to this instance.
.SH CALL FIELDS
The following list describes each field that may appear for a call
description.
.TP 20
CALL ADDR
The address of the client who made the call.
.TP 20
ARRIVAL
The elapsed time since the arrival of the call at the process server.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OMN_ADDR
The physical address of the address server to use.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnsc(8).
