.TH MNSCMD 1 "22 September 1994"
.SH NAME
mnscmd - Media Net service controller control program
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
mnscmd [ -v ] [ -g physical-address ] [ -i physical-address ]
	[ command [ parameter ... ] ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
mnscmd controls the operation of the service controller.  mnscmd
commands can be used to pause, restart, or stop a queue or an
instance.
.LP
With no arguments, mnscmd runs interactively.  If arguments are
supplied, mnscmd interprets the first argument as a command to
execute, with subsequent arguments taken as parameters to that
command.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-v
Print the version used.
.TP
-g physical-address
Specify the physical address to use to reach the address server.  If
not specified, the value in the environment variable OMN_ADDR is used.
.TP
-i physical-address
Same as -g except that corresponding NIO will be opened in an interrupt-based
mode if possible.
.SH USAGE
.SS Commands
Commands may be abbreviated to an unambiguous substring.
.LP
.TP
? [ command ]
.PD 0
.TP
help [ command ]
.br
.PD
Display a short description of the given command, or if no arguments are
given, a list of the recognized commands.
.TP
ps [ -ascl ]
.PD 0
.TP
status [ -ascl ]
.br
.PD
Display the process server status.  The options are interpreted in the
same manner as for mnps(1).
.TP
pause [ all | [ address...] ]
Pause the specified queue or instance.  If 'all' is given, all queues
are paused.  Otherwise, for each address given, the queue or instance
identified by the address is paused.  Pausing a queue prevents a queue
from dispatching calls to instances.  The queue will still accept requests
and hold them until the queue is unpaused.  Pausing an instance prevents
calls from being dispatched to that instance.  Calls will still be
processed if other instances on the queue are available.
.TP
restart [ all | [ address...] ]
Restart the specified queue or instance.  If 'all' is given, all queues
are restarted.  Otherwise, for each address given, the queue or instance
identified by the address is restarted.  A queue must be restarted after
being paused to allow it to resume dispatching calls.  An instance must
be restarted after being paused to allow it to receive dispatched calls.
.TP
stop [ all | [ address...] ]
Stop the specified queue or instance.  If 'all' is given, all queues
are stopped.  Otherwise, for each address given, the queue or instance
identified by the address is stopped.  Stopping an instance will terminate
that instance the next time it is ready to receive a call.  If that instance
has open contexts, the instance will not be stopped until all the contexts
have been run down.  Stopping a queue will unregister the queue, and then,
after all the pending calls have been processed in the usual manner, each
instance will be shut down.  Finally, the queue will be deleted.
.TP
exit
.PD 0
.TP
quit
.PD
Exit from mnscmd.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
OMN_ADDR
The physical address of the address server to use.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnps(1), mnrMainLoop(3), mnsc(8).
