... 
... $Header$ psm.man 
... 
.TH NMAP 1 "Oct 26 1992" "nCUBE"
.SH NAME
nmap - nCUBE memory map
.SH SYNOPSIS
.ta 6n
\fBnmap\fP [-n \fInode-list\fP] [-s \fIshare-pid\fP] [-h] [-f]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
The program
.I nmap
displays a region memory map for the specified nCUBE nodes.  By default 
for each region of each node,
.I nmap
displays the node number, the region start and end addresses, 
the region length, the PID and name of the process that owns the region, 
and the type of the region (stack, comm, heap, proc, etc).
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fInmap\fP accepts the following options:
.PP
.TP 8
.B \-n \fInode-list\fP
This option specifies the node for which to display a memory map.
The 
.I node-list
parameter is specified as: <\fInode\fP>[,<\fInode\fP>],...
.I node 
can be specified either in decimal or in hex; if it is
preceeded by 0x or 0X, \fInode\fP is interpreted in hex.
If 
.I node-list
is not specified, all nodes in the subcube are displayed.
.TP 8
.B \-s \fIshare-pid\fP
This option specifies the subcube for which to display memory maps.
The default is to use the user's default subcube.
.TP 8
.B \-h
This option specifies that the output should be in hexadecimal rather than
the default decimal.
.TP 8
.B \-f
Displays total free memory, number of free regions, and largest free
region at the end of the output.
.SH SEE ALSO
xnmap(1)
.SH BUGS
Free vertex regions are sometimes erroneously marked as shared.
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1992, Oracle Corp.
.SH AUTHORS
Scott Martin (smartin@us.oracle.com)
.br
Jonathan Creighton (jcreight@us.oracle.com)
