.\ 
.\ $Header$ 
.\ 
.\ Copyright (c) 1991 by Oracle Corporation 
.\
.\   NAME
.\     nspcmd.1 - Man page for nspcmd
.\
.\   MODIFIED   (MM/DD/YY)
.\    gpriores   10/18/91 -  Creation 

.TH NSPCMD 1 "May 29 1992" "nCUBE user commands"
.SH NAME
nspcmd - name server command-line interface

.SH SYNOPSIS
[xnc [\fIxncopts\fP]] \fBnspcmd\fP [-p\fI<protocol>\fP] [-a\fI<address>\fP] 
\fIcommand\fP [\fIcmdopts\fP] [\fIarg1\fP] [\fIarg2\fP]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Nspcmd
is a utility for manipulating the nCUBE nameserver and its entries from the 
command line. It is essentially a wrapper around the \fInsplib(3)\fP routines.
See \fInsp(8)\fP for more information about the nameserver.

There are both ncube and host (sgi) versions of this command. 
Invocation and output are identical.

.SH COMMANDS

.HP 8
\fBlookup\fP \fIname\fP -- prints the value the nameserver entry \fIname\fP 
resolves to

.HP 8
\fBcreate\fP [-t] \fIname\fP \fIvalue\fP -- creates a nameserver entry 
with the specified name and value. The name is temporary iff -t is specified.

.HP 8
\fBdestroy\fP \fIname\fP -- destroys the nameserver entry with the specified
name.

.HP 8
\fBquery\fP \fIregex\fP -- prints the names of all nameserver entries that 
match the 
specified \fIed(1)\fP-style regular expression.

.HP 8
\fBcntl\fP \fIcommand\fP -- executes the specified nsp_cntl command. Commands 
supported are:
.RS 8
.PP
\fBcheckpoint\fP - forces a checkpoint of the nameserver's data
.PP
\fBexit\fP - causes a clean shutdown of the nameserver
.RE

.HP 8
\fBdefadr\fP -- Causes the string for the default nameserver address in the 
specified protocol (or the default one if no -p option is specified) 
to be output on stdout, after a check is made to assure that the address points
to a valid nameserver.

.SH OPTIONS
.HP 8
\fIprotocol\fP -- protocol to use to communicate with the nameserver.
Currently, only the nchannel protocol, specified by the string "nchan" is 
supported. If this option is not specified, the nameserver's default protocol
is used.

.HP 8
\fIaddress\fP -- the protocol-specific address of the nameserver. If this
option is not specified, the nameserver's default address will be used.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
Nspcmd is affected by the same environment variables that affect other 
\fBnsplib(3)\fP clients.

.SH FILES
$NSPLOC
.br
/tmp/nsp.addr

.SH SEE ALSO
nsplib(3), nsp(8)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 1991, Oracle Corporation

.SH AUTHOR
Gordon Prioreschi (gpriores@oracle.com)
