... 
... $Header$ xncmsg.man 
... 
.TH XNCMSG 1 "Jan 27 1992" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xncmsg - Display message traffic for nCUBE nodes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.ta 6n
\fBxncmsg\fP	[-sp \fIpid\fP] [-nodes \fIlist\fP] 
.br
	[-\fItoolkitoption\fP ...] [-\fIxnmon-option\fP ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The 
.I xncmsg 
program displays a periodically updating set of meters showing the message 
read and write rates for nCUBE nodes.
Each monitored node has a label showing the number of the node, and a 
meter showing the message read and write rates on that node. 
The rate of reads is displayed as a solid bar, and the rate of writes
is displayed as a crosshatched bar.
Clicking with the left mouse button on the label for a node will invoke 
\fIxnpmsg\fP on that node.  Typing 'q' in the \fIxncmsg\fP window exits the 
program.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.I Xncmsg
accepts all of the standard X Toolkit command line options (see \fIX(1)\fP).
The order of the options is unimportant.  \fIxncmsg\fP also accepts the
following additional options:
.PP
.TP 8
.B \-sp \fIpid\fP or \-sharePid \fIpid\fP
Gives a pid with which to share a subcube.  If not specified, the default
share pid is used.
.TP 8
.B \-nodes \fIlist\fP
This option specifies the Ncube nodes in the subcube to monitor.
The default is to monitor all of the nodes in the cube.
The \fIlist\fP parameter is specified as: \fIrange\fP,\fIrange\fP, ...
where \fIrange\fP is either \fInode\fP or \fInode\fP-\fInode\fP.
\fInode\fP can be specified either in decimal or in hex; if it is
preceeded by 0x, \fInode\fP is interpreted in hex.
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxnmon-option\fP
See \fIxnmon(1)\fP for description of the generic nCUBE monitor options.
.SH RESOURCES
In addition to the resources available to each of the widgets used by 
\fIxncmsg\fP there are the following application-specific resources:
.TP 8
.B sharePid (\fPclass\fB SharePid)
See the -sp flag above.
.TP 8
.B nodes (\fPclass\fB Nodes)
See the -nodes flag above.
.SH WIDGETS
In order to specify resources, it is useful to know the hierarchy of
the widgets which compose \fIxncmsg\fR.  In the notation below,
indentation indicates hierarchical structure.  The widget class name
is given first, followed by the widget instance name.
.sp
.nf
.ta .5i 1.0i 1.5i 2.0i
XNcmsg  xncmsg
	MeterGroup mgroup
	    Form  form
		    Label  label0
		    ...
		    Label  label<N>
		    Bar  bar0       or      StripChart  meter0
		    ...                     ...
		    Bar  bar<N>     or      StripChart  meter<N>
		    Label  slab
		    Scale  scale
.fi
.sp
.SH FILES
/usr/lib/X11/app-defaults/XNcmsg - specifies resources
.SH SEE ALSO
X(1), xrdb(1), xnmon(1), Athena StripChart Widget.
.SH BUGS
Not enough space for bar labels with -vertical
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1990, Oracle Corp.
.SH AUTHOR
Jonathan Creighton (jcreight@us.oracle.com)
