.\ 
.\ $Header$ xndisk.man 
.\ 
.TH XNDISK 1 "Jan 27 1992" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xndisk - Display read/write rates for nCUBE SCSI disks
.SH SYNOPSIS
.ta 6n
\fBxndisk\fP [-sp \fIpid\fP] [-servers \fIlist\fP] [-targets \fIrange\fP]
.br
	 [-monochrome] [-deadColor \fIcolor\fP] [-liveColor \fIcolor\fP]
.br
	 [-allTargets]
.br
	 [-\fItoolkitoption\fP ...] [-\fIxnmon-option\fP ...] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The 
.I xndisk 
program displays a periodically updating set of meters showing read and
write rates from a set of nCUBE SCSI disk servers.  All disks connected
to the specified set of servers that have had at least one read or write
since the last \fInboot\fP will be displayed, unless the -allTargets
option is used.
Each disk meter is labeled with the node number of its SCSI server and
its SCSI target.  
The rate of reads is displayed as a solid bar, and the rate of writes
is displayed as a crosshatched bar.
Typing 'q' in the \fIxndisk\fP window exits the program.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.I xndisk
accepts all of the standard X Toolkit command line options (see \fIX(1)\fP).
The order of the options is unimportant.  \fIxndisk\fP also accepts the
following additional options:
.PP
.TP 8
.B \-servers \fIlist\fP
This option specifies the Ncube SCSI disk servers to monitor.
The default is to monitor SCSI server 0x8050.
The \fIlist\fP parameter is specified as: \fIrange\fP,\fIrange\fP, ...
where \fIrange\fP is either \fInode\fP:\fIpid\fP or \fInode\fP-\fInode\fP:\fIpid\fP.
\fInode\fP can be specified either in decimal or in hex; if it is
preceeded by 0x or 0X, \fInode\fP is interpreted in hex.
.TP 8
.B \-targets \fIrange\fP
This option specifies a range SCSI targets to monitor.  The \fIrange\fP
parameter is specified as \fIlow\fP-\fIhigh\fP.  If \fIlow\fP is omitted,
it defaults to 1.  If \fIhigh\fP is omitted, it defaults to 8.
.TP 8
.B \-allTargets
This option causes all SCSI disks to be displayed for each server, 
even disks that have not been read or written.  
If the -targets option is also specifed, all disks in the given range will
be displayed.  
Note that this option can cause to be displayed disks that are not 
connected and will never be accessed.
.TP 8
.B \-sp \fIpid\fP or \-sharePid \fIpid\fP
Gives a pid with which to share a subcube.  If not specified, the default
share pid is used.
.TP 8
.B \-deadColor \fIcolor\fP
Specifies a color for displaying dead SCSI servers.  The default is "salmon".
.TP 8
.B \-liveColor \fIcolor\fP
Specifies a color for displaying working SCSI servers.  The default is
XtDefaultBackground.
.TP 8
.B \-monochrome
If this option if specified, dead SCSI servers will be displayed using a
stipple pattern instead of a color.  This option should be used on
monochrome displays.
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxnmon-option\fP
See \fIxnmon(1)\fP for description of the generic nCUBE monitor options.
.SH RESOURCES
In addition to the resources available to each of the widgets used by 
\fIxndisk\fP there are the following application-specific resources:
.TP 8
.B sharePid (\fPclass\fB SharePid)
See the -sp flag above.
.TP 8
.B servers (\fPclass\fB Servers)
See the -servers flag above.
.TP 8
.B targets (\fPclass\fB Range)
See the -targets flag above.
.TP 8
.B allTargets (\fPclass\fB AllTargets)
See the -allTargets flag above.
.TP 8
.B monochrome (\fPclass\fB Boolean)
See the -monochrome flag above.
.TP 8
.B deadColor (\fPclass\fB Color)
See the -deadColor flag above.
.TP 8
.B liveColor (\fPclass\fB Color)
See the -liveColor flag above.
.SH WIDGETS
In order to specify resources, it is useful to know the hierarchy of
the widgets which compose \fIxndisk\fR.  In the notation below,
indentation indicates hierarchical structure.  The widget class name
is given first, followed by the widget instance name.
.sp
.nf
.ta .5i 1.0i 1.5i 2.0i
XNdisk xndisk
	MeterGroup mgroup
	    Form  form
		    Label  label0
		    ...
		    Label  label<N>
		    Bar  bar0       or      StripChart  meter0
		    ...                     ...
		    Bar  bar<N>     or      StripChart  meter<N>
		    Label  slab
		    Scale  scale
.fi
.sp
.SH FILES
/usr/lib/X11/app-defaults/XNdisk - specifies resources
.SH SEE ALSO
X(1), xrdb(1), xnmon(1), Athena StripChart Widget.
.SH BUGS
The -vertical option currently doesn't work
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1990, Oracle Corp.
.SH AUTHOR
Jonathan Creighton (jcreight@oracle.com)
