.\ 
.\ $Header$ xniostat.man 
.\ 
.TH XNMON 1 "June 14 1993" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xnmon - nCUBE graphic monitoring tools
.SH SYNOPSIS
.ta 6n
\fBxpibmsg\fP [-\fIxpibmsg-option\fP ...]
.br
	or
.br
\fBxlk\fP [-\fIxlk-option\fP ...]
.br
	or
.br
\fBxncpu\fP [-\fIxncpu-option\fP ...]
.br
	or
.br
\fBxnps\fP [-\fIxnps-option\fP ...]
.br
	or
.br
\fBxnvol\fP [-\fIxnvol-option\fP ...]
.br
	or
.br
\fBxnvolstat\fP [-\fIxnvolstat-option\fP ...]
.br
	or
.br
\fBxniostat\fP [-\fIxniostat-option\fP ...]
.br
	or
.br
\fBxnredo\fP [-\fIxnredo-option\fP ...]
.br
	or
.br
\fBxnetstat\fP [-\fIxnetstat-option\fP ...]
.br
	[-\fItoolkitoption\fP ...] [-update \fImsec\fP] [-vertical] 
.br
	[-strip] [-lf \fIfont\fP] [-ml \fIpixels\fP] [-mt \fIpixels\fP] 
.br
	[-min \fIinteger\fP] [-max \fIinteger\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The 
.I xnmon 
program is a single binary that implements nCUBE monitoring tools for
displaying disk, PIB, lock manager, or network statistics.  
\fIxnmon\fP is invoked as \fIxniostat\fP to monitor IO statistics, 
\fIxpibmsg\fP to monitor PIB traffic, 
\fIxlk\fP to monitor lock manager stastics,
\fIxnvol\fP to monitor volume activity,
\fIxnvolstat\fP to monitor cache activity,
or \fIxnetstat\fP to monitor network statistics.
Typing 'q' in the utility window exits the program, and typing 'r' 
causes the scale to be adjusted as if the rescale interval had
expired (see -rescale below).
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.I xnmon
accepts all of the standard X Toolkit command line options (see \fIX(1)\fP).
The order of the options is unimportant.  \fIxnmon\fP also accepts the
following additional options:
.PP
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxniostat-option\fP
See \fIxniostat(1)\fP for the options to xniostat.
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxpibmsg-option\fP
See \fIxpibmsg(1)\fP for the options to xpibmsg.
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxlk-option\fP
See \fIxlk(1)\fP for the options to xlk.
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxnetstat-option\fP
See \fIxnetstat(1)\fP for the options to xnetstat.
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxncpu-option\fP
See \fIxncpu(1)\fP for the options to xncpu.
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxnps-option\fP
See \fIxnps(1)\fP for the options to xnps.
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxnvol-option\fP
See \fIxnvol(1)\fP for the options to xnvol.
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxnvolstat-option\fP
See \fIxnvolstat(1)\fP for the options to xnvolstat.
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxnredo-option\fP
See \fIxnredo(1)\fP for the options to xnredo.
.TP 8
.B \-update \fImilliseconds\fP
This option specifies the frequency in milliseconds at which \fIxnmon\fP
updates its display.  The default is to update every second.
.TP 8
.B \-rescale \fIseconds\fP
This option specifes how often to attempt adjusting the maximum value
of the meter scale.  At the specified interval, if no meter has gone
beyond one-half of the current maximum since the last rescale, the new 
maximum is set to 1.2 times the highest meter value since the last rescale.  
At no time will the maximum value be set to less than one-fourth of the
scale width in pixels; this is to prevent quiescent meters causing
the scale to eventually have a minimum of 0 and a maximum of 1.
.TP 8
.B \-peak \fIseconds\fP
If this option is specifed, each bar meter will have a peak-hold line 
showing the maximum value attained by that bar; this peak indicator will 
be reset after the specified number of seconds have elapsed.  
Typing 'p' in the \fIxnmon\fP window will reset all peak indicators as if
their interval had just expired.
This option may not be specifed with the -strip option.
.TP 8
.B \-vertical
If this command line option is specified then the orientation of the meters
will be vertical instead of horizontal.
.TP 8
.B \-monochrome
If this command line option is specified then the bar meters will use 
stipple patterns instead of colors when multiple values are displayed
on the same bar (e.g. read & write rates in \fIxniostat\fP).
.TP 8
.B \-strip
If this command line option is specified strip charts will be used for the
meters instead of bars.
.TP 8
.B \-lf \fIfont\fP or \-labelFont \fIfont\fP
The font to use for the meter labels.
.TP 8
.B \-ml \fIpixels\fP or \-meterLength \fIpixels\fP
This option specifies the length of the individual meters.  The default is 200.
.TP 8
.B \-mt \fIpixels\fP or \-meterThickness \fIpixels\fP
This option specifies the thickness of the individual meters.  The default is
15 for bar meters, and 50 for strip chart meters.
.TP 8
.B \-max \fIinteger\fP
This option specifies the maximum value to be displayed.  The default varies
according to the command name.  
For \fIxnvol\fP and \fIxniostat\fP, the default is 50; 
for \fIxpibmsg\fP the default is 60; 
for \fIxnvolstat\fP the default is 100; 
for \fIxnetstat\fP, the default is 2000;
for \fIxnredo\fP, \fIxncpu\fP and \fIxnps\fP, the default is 100.
.TP 8
.B \-min \fIinteger\fP
This option specifies the minimum value to be displayed.  The default is 0.
.SH RESOURCES
.TP 8
.B update (\fPclass\fB Interval)
See the -update flag above.
.TP 8
.B rescale (\fPclass\fB Interval)
See the -rescale flag above.
.TP 8
.B peakHold (\fPclass\fB Interval)
See the -peak flag above.
.TP 8
.B orientation (\fPclass\fB Orientation)
See the -vertical flag above.  This resource can be set to either "vertical" or "horizontal".
.TP 8
.B strip (\fPclass\fB Boolean)
See the -strip flag above.
.TP 8
.B monochrome (\fPclass\fB Boolean)
See the -monochrome flag above.
.TP 8
.B labelFont (\fPclass\fB Font)
See the -labelFont flag above.
.TP 8
.B meterLength (\fPclass\fB Length)
See the -meterLength flag above.
.TP 8
.B meterThickness (\fPclass\fB Thickness)
See the -meterThickness flag above.
.TP 8
.B maxValue (\fPclass\fB Value)
See the -max flag above.
.TP 8
.B minValue (\fPclass\fB Value)
See the -min flag above.
.TP 8
.B fixedScale (\fPclass\fB Boolean)
When true, the scale given at startup via -min and -max is never changed.
.TP 8
.B minPixelsPerUnit (\fPclass\fB Length)
The minimum length in pixels of a single scale unit.  Defaults to 4.
.SH RESOURCES
See the manual page for each of the monitor programs for
for descriptions of the resources used by each of these programs.
.SH BAR WIDGET RESOURCES
The bar widget uses the following resources, in addition to those inherited
from its superclass "widget":
.PP
.TP 8
.B colors (\fPclass\fB Colors)
A string giving the colors to be used for the bar.  The default is 
"gray0 gray10 gray20 gray30 gray40 gray50 gray60 gray70 gray80 white". 
There must be exactly 10 elements in the list.
.TP 8
.B debug (\fPclass\fB Value)
An integer bit mask used for debugging.
.TP 8
.B internalThickness (\fPclass\fB Thickness)
Thickness of background border region surrounding the bar.  Default is 0.
.TP 8
.B internalLength (\fPclass\fB Length)
Length of background region surrounding the bar.  Default is 0.
.TP 8
.B peakHold (\fPclass\fB Length)
Number of seconds to hold peak values.  Default is -1, for no peak hold.
.TP 8
.B style (\fPclass\fB Style)
A string representing the drawing style of the bars: stipple, tile or
solid.  The default is solid on color screens, stipple on monochrome
screens.
.TP 8
.B ticks (\fPclass\fB Value)
An integer giving the number of tick marks to display.
.SH WIDGETS
See the manual page for each of the monitor programs for a description
of the widget hierarchy used by each of these programs. 
.SH SEE ALSO
X(1), xrdb(1), \fIxniostat(1)\fP, \fIxpibmsg(1)\fP, \fIxlk(1)\fP, \fIxnetstat(1)\fP, \fIxncpu(1)\fP, \fIxnps(1)\fP, \fIxnvol(1)\fP, \fIxnvolstat(1)\fP, \fIxnredo(1)\fI, Athena StripChart Widget.
.SH BUGS
The -vertical option currently doesn't work
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1992, Oracle Corp.
.SH AUTHOR
Jonathan Creighton (jcreight@us.oracle.com)
