... 
... $Header$ xnpmsg.man 
... 
.TH XNPMSG 1 "Mar 4 1992" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xnpmsg - Display message traffic of processes on a an nCUBE node
.SH SYNOPSIS
.ta 6n
\fBxnpmsg\fP	[-sp \fIpid\fP] [-node \fInode-number\fP] [-ls] [-ln]
.br
	[-\fItoolkitoption\fP ...] [-\fIxnmon-option\fP ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The 
.I xnpmsg 
program displays a periodically updating set of meters showing the message
read and write rates for process running on an nCUBE node.  
For each process, 
.I xnpmsg
displays \fIpid\fP:\fIstate\fP:\fIname\fP, where \fIpid\fP is the process
ID of the process, \fIstate\fP is a single character (or string if the
-ls flag is specified) representing the state of the process, and 
\fIname\fP is the base name of the process.
The rate of reads is displayed as a solid bar, and the rate of writes
is displayed as a crosshatched bar.
Typing 'q' in the \fIxnpmsg\fP window exits the program.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.I Xnpmsg
accepts all of the standard X Toolkit command line options (see \fIX(1)\fP).
The order of the options is unimportant.  \fIxnpmsg\fP also accepts the
following additional options:
.PP
.TP 8
.B \-sp \fIpid\fP or \-sharePid \fIpid\fP
Gives a pid with which to share a subcube.  If not specified, the default
share pid is used.
.TP 8
.B \-node \fInode-number\fP
This option specifies which node in the subcube to monitor.  The default
is node 0.  If the specified node number begins with 0x or 0X, it is
interpreted as hexadecimal.
.TP 8
.B \-ls or -longStates
This option causes the process state to displayed as a 8-character string
rather than a single character.
.TP 8
.B \-ln or -longNames
This option causes the process name to be displayed as the full pathname
of the process, rather than just the base name (last component of the
path name).
.TP 8
.B \-\fIxnmon-option\fP
See \fIxnmon(1)\fP for description of the generic nCUBE monitor options.
.SH RESOURCES
In addition to the resources available to each of the widgets used by 
\fIxnpmsg\fP there are the following application-specific resources:
.TP 8
.B sharePid (\fPclass\fB SharePid)
See the -sp flag above.
.TP 8
.B nodes (\fPclass\fB Node)
See the -nodes flag above.
.TP 8
.B longStates (\fPclass\fB Boolean)
See the -ls flag above.
.TP 8
.B longNames (\fPclass\fB Boolean)
See the -ln flag above.
.SH STATES
The \fIstate\fP of each process is displayed either as a single letter
or as a string.  The state abbreviations are as follows:
.RS
.PD 0
.TP 8
.B R
ready
.TP
.B T
trace
.TP
.B B
brkpt
.TP
.B o
int_over
.TP
.B d
int_div
.TP
.B I
inexact
.TP
.B U
underflw
.TP
.B D
flt_div
.TP
.B F
overflow
.TP
.B N
nan_stop
.TP
.B O
bdopcode
.TP
.B A
inv_addr
.TP
.B s
stackstp
.TP
.B V
bad_vec
.TP
.B W
wait
.TP
.B E
bad_ecc
.TP
.B b
bad_opr
.TP
.B t
pcs_term
.TP
.B n
num_stop
.TP
.B p
prot_err
.TP
.B <
src_map
.TP
.B >
dst_map
.TP
.B P
paused
.TP
.B X
ext_wait
.TP
.B M
msg_wait
.TP
.B +
new_pcs
.TP
.B G
ghost
.TP
.B w
pcs_wait
.TP
.B L
sig_wait
.RE
.PD
.SH WIDGETS
In order to specify resources, it is useful to know the hierarchy of
the widgets which compose \fIxnpmsg\fR.  In the notation below,
indentation indicates hierarchical structure.  The widget class name
is given first, followed by the widget instance name.
.sp
.nf
.ta .5i 1.0i 1.5i 2.0i
XNpmsg  xnpmsg
	MeterGroup mgroup
	    Form  form
		    Label  label0
		    ...
		    Label  label<N>
		    Bar  bar0       or      StripChart  meter0
		    ...                     ...
		    Bar  bar<N>     or      StripChart  meter<N>
		    Label  slab
		    Scale  scale
.fi
.sp
.SH FILES
/usr/lib/X11/app-defaults/XNpmsg - specifies resources
.SH SEE ALSO
X(1), xrdb(1), xnmon(1), Athena StripChart Widget.
.SH BUGS
The -vertical flag doesn't really work; there's not enough space for the
prorgram name.
.PP
Being able to display the program name for programs started via \fIxnc\fP
depends on a locally modified version of getargs.c.  Without this modification,
all processes will appear as \fInsh\fP.
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1990, Oracle Corp.
.SH AUTHOR
Jonathan Creighton (jcreight@us.oracle.com)
