                    !T1ToFont
                    =========

The !T1ToFont application converts fonts in Adobe
Type 1 format to the RISC OS font file format,
allowing these fonts to be used by the RISC OS
font manager.

Please refer to the User Guide for details of this
application.

New features not documented in the manual
-----------------------------------------

If you have a Type 1 file but no corresponding AFM
file, you can produce a usable font.  Simply leave
the 'AFM file' field blank.  The resulting font
will lack kerning information, so do use the AFM
file if you have it.

Most alphabetic fonts should convert successfully
with the Encoding field set to "Acorn Extended
Latin".  Some symbol fonts have their own private
encoding; for these it is recommended that you
select "As specified in Type 1 file" from the
Encoding menu.  This causes the font's internal
encoding to be used, ensuring that the glyphs are
placed at the correct character codes.  The
encoding is also deposited in a file named
"Encoding" in the font's directory, where the font
manager and printer drivers can make use of it.


(Adobe is a trademark of Adobe Systems
Incorporated which is registered in the United
States of America.)
