Copyright © Acorn Computers Ltd. 1991       0370,969/FS Issue 1 ****LIVE****

      RISC OS Green Hard Disc Password Protection Functional Specification
      ====================================================================

                   -----------------------------------------
                   | Drawing No : 0370,969/FS              |
                   |      Issue : 1 ****LIVE****           |
                   |       Date : 2 December 1991          |
                   |     Author : J S Roach                |
                   |  Change No : AMR xxxx                 |
                   |     Sheets : n                        |
                   |  Last Issue: x (AMR xxxx of nn.nn.nn) |
                   -----------------------------------------

Introduction
============

This is the specification for disc protection for introduction into the RISC
OS Greem project.

What Functions Will Be Provided?
--------------------------------

An ADFS disc may have a password.

If it has a password:

        When the user enters this password the user will become the owner of
        that disc and will have unrestricted access to the disc.

        If the user enters a wrong password or enters no password then the
        user will have only public permission to access that disc, that is,
        all filing system operations will be permitted only if the public
        access bits permit this. The following *Commands will be disallowed:
        Defect; NameDisc; NameDisk. The following *Commands will be allowed:
        Backup; Bye; CheckMap; Compact; Dismount; Drive; Free; Map; Mount;
        Verify.

If it has no password:

        The user has unrestricted access to that disc.


Non ADFS discs (eg DOSFS discs) will not support this.

Any disc will always permit direct DiscOps - reading and writing -
regardless of the password setting. Although this seems to provide a back
door to getting at the disc doing anything through this door requires a deep
knowledge of disc formats and DiscOps - I do not perceive this to be a
problem given the scope of the required protection.

Both ADFS hard and ADFS floppy discs will have this mechanism. It is harder
to restrict the feature to hard discs only than to allow a password to be
placed on both.

How Will This Be Provided?
--------------------------

There will be two new commands provided by FileCore: Password and
SetPassword. These work as follows:

Password [<password>]

This command allows the user to enter a password. If no password is given at
the prompt then the user will be prompted for one. When typing at the prompt
each character will be displayed as a '-'. When accessing a disc if the disc
has the same or no password then the user will have unrestricted access to
that disc. Entering no password at the prompt clears the current user's
password.

SetPassword [<password>]

This command allows the user to set the password on the current disc. As in
the Password command if no password is given the user will be prompted for
one. If the user is not the owner of the disc an error will be given. If no
password is given at the prompt any password on the disc will be removed.


How Will It Work?
-----------------

The title field of the root directory will be used to hold the password. As
this field is no longer used in Risc OS 3.00 this does not cause a clash of
functionality: the '*Title command has disappeared' bugs have all been
deferred by the 3@3; the title field was only writable using the *Title
command and could be read only as part of the title of *Cat and its related
commands. To avoid already-set titles being identified as passwords the
field will have its last byte as the CRC of all the previous bytes, and the
first 2 bytes being some particular value which would not be expected in
real root directory titles. The remaining 16 bytes will contain the password
proper which will have been encrypted in some way.

The password entered by the *Password command will be held encrypted in RAM
to avoid simple hacking of the password.


What Needs Changing?
--------------------

For consistency's sake the meaning of the access bits for directories as
held on a disc will be toggled. This is 'a good thing' because the owner
permissions then always become wr (where at the moment they are now always
clear, and are ignored by FileCore), and thus remain consistent with the
paradigm. This is a simple change (1 day).

Internal routine FullLookUp will perform the protection checks - all the
protection checking will be done by this routine. Two new flags will be
added to its input flags - 'needs read' and 'needs write'. This change will
take 4 days.

All calls to FullLookUp will have to have the relevant protection flags set.
This will take 2 day to implement and crudely test.

The commands Password and SetPassword will need writing and testing. This
should take 4 days.

This means the total technical development time is 11 days. Consulting
others regarding the other issues such as documentation and debugging
suggests that these will take 14 days making a total of 25 man days effort
needed. This will impact the project end date by 1 week.

It is expected that there will be no additional expenditure.

******************************* DOCUMENT ENDS ******************************
