The Acorn STB does not use PCRs for clock recovery and locking, because the
typical network jitter was too great. Instead, synchronisation operates by
means of the following two processes:

 a) Audio-to-stream synchronisation: this is achieved by regularly
(normally every 10ms) monitoring the fullness of the audio input buffer
inside the L64002. Because the audio stream is constant bitrate, this
should stay roughly constant if the STB is playing at the same rate as the
encoder. If it goes above a certain threshold, then it is assumed that the
L64002 is running slow with respect to the encoder, so the next audio frame
is played at 13/12 normal speed. If it is below a different threshold, then
it is assumed that the L64002 is running fast wrt the encoder, so the next
audio frame is played at 11/12 normal speed. In both cases further monitoring
of the buffer fullness is suppressed for 100ms to allow the system to
stabilise.

 b) Video-to-audio synchronisation: At the time an audio frame is played out,
if the frame had an associated PTS, then this is used to reset the system
clock value in the L64002, which is a free running counter incrementing at
90kHz (in fact only the bottom 16 bits are available in the L64002 itself,
the top 17 bits are maintained by software). Then when a video frame is
presented with a PTS, this is compared with the current value of the system
clock, and if it is more than one frame time out, then the L64002 is
instructed to either repeat the next picture, or to skip the next B picture
(the L64002 cannot skip P or I pictures without adversely affecting pictures
which are predicted from them).
