         The System application
         === ====== ===========

The !System directory contains relocatable modules 
shared by various Applications Suite programs, held 
in the directory !System.Modules. You will not need 
to take any special action to load these modules: 
they will be loaded as required by applications, 
provided a directory display containing !System has 
been opened at some stage.

Error messages
==============

If the error message "Filing system or path 
'System:' not present" appears when you are using an
Applications Suite program, you should open a
directory display containing !System and then try 
the operation again.

If an error message of the form "You need some 
module x.xx or later" appears when you try to run an
application then the directory !System.Modules does 
not contain a sufficiently up-to-date version of the
relocatable module "some-module". 

If this version of !System is used with a machine 
running RISC OS 2 this will probably be because 
!System.Modules does not contain the module at all. 
In this case it will be necessary to add relocatable
modules from the RISC OS 2 !System to the Modules 
directory in this !System - copy the RISC OS 2 
!System.Modules directory into the RISC OS 3 !System
directory (the directory containing this file).
