The Replay video clips supplied on your hard disc have been provided in two
distinct formats.  Clips which have the suffix 2 have been recorded at 12.5
fps (frames per second) and can be played in virtually all screen modes.

Those clips which have no numeric suffix have been recorded at 25 fps and
can be played back in high resolution modes (up to 800 x 600 in 256
colours) on systems which contain VRAM (video RAM).

If you are using a Risc PC without VRAM fitted, you may find that in some
screen modes such as 800 x 600 in 256 colours, even the 12.5 fps clips run
with occasional lack of smoothness. To avoid this, use a smaller screen
mode, use !ARPlayer to play on the whole screen in 'big mode', or upgrade
your machine by fitting VRAM. Another solution is to use the SoundDMA
relocatable module supplied on your hard disc in the directory
$.Utilities.Patches.Replay. See the ReadMe file in that directory for more
details.

End User Licence
----------------
 
Copyright 
---------

This computer system incorporates proprietary video material belonging to
Oxford Scientific Films Ltd and BBC Enterprises Ltd  (the "Owners").  Acorn
uses the Owners video material strictly upon the terms and  conditions of a
licence fom the Owners.   Copyright in the whole and every part of the
Owners video material belongs to the Owners and may not be sold,
licensed, transferred, copied or reproduced in whole or in part in any 
manner or form or in or on any media now known or hereinafter invented, 
other than in accordance with the licence granted below, without the prior
written consent of the Owner. 

Licence
-------

You may: 

a.   Use the video material on the single Acorn machine on which it is 
     delivered only 

b.   Use the video material for educational and domestic home recreational
     purposes only

The video material may not:

a.   Be used for commercial purposes 

b.   Be copied, transferred to other media, broadcast, distributed by any
     means, sublicensed, sold or used in any commercial product

You must reproduce and include the Owner's rights notice on any copy,
modification or portion merged into another program.

YOU MAY NOT USE, COPY, MODIFY OR TRANSFER THE VIDEO MATERIAL OR ANY COPY
MODIFICATION  OR MERGED PORTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY
PROVIDED IN THIS LICENCE. 

YOU MUST NOT USE THE VIDEO MATERIAL FOR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES OR DISTRIBUTE
ANY COPY OF THE  WHOLE OR PART OF THE VIDEO MATERIAL (WHETHER OR NOT MERGED
WITH OTHER SOFTWARE OR DATA) TO ANY  OTHER PARTY.

IF YOU TRANSFER POSSESSION OF ANY COPY, MODIFICATION OR MERGED PORTION OF
THE VIDEO MATERIAL TO ANOTHER PARTY YOUR LICENCE IS AUTOMATICALLY
TERMINATED.

OPERATION OF THIS SYSTEM ASSUMES ACCEPTANCE OF THIS LICENCE.

