.TH MNA 3 "17 Feb 1995"
.SH NAME
mnaClear, mnaCopy, mnaNetCopy, mnaEq, mnaNetEq, mnAddr, mnAtos - Media Net Addressing
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
void mnaClear(mna *a1);
void mnaCopy(mna *a1, mna *a2);
void mnaNetCopy(mna *a1, mna *a2);
.LP
boolean mnaEq(mna *a1, mna *a2);
boolean mnaNetEq(mna *a1, mna *a2);
.LP
sb4 mnAddr(mna *addr, const char *in);
void mnAtos(mna *addr, char *out, size_t len);
.SH DESCRIPTION
mna is the type of a structure that contains a Media Net address.
.LP
mnaClear() clears an mna structure.  For routines that require an
address, this may be used to indicate a null address.  mnaCopy()
copies a2 to a1.  mnaCopyNet() copies just the NIO address part from a2
to a1.
.LP
mnaEq() compares a1 and a2 and returns TRUE if they are equal;
otherwise, FALSE.  mnaNetEq() compares just the NIO address parts of
a1 and a2 and returns TRUE if they are equal; otherwise, FALSE.
.LP
mnAddr() converts a character string representing a Media Net address
to a true address.  The resulting address is written to addr.  If the
string is malformed, MNERR_BADPARAM is returned.  mnAtos() converts
a Media Net address to a character string representation.  The resulting
string is written to out, up to a maximum of len bytes.  To be safe, a
buffer of at least MNAMAXLEN bytes should be given.
.SH MEDIA NET ADDRESSES
A Media Net address is a 64-bit string that is divided into two parts:
an NIO address and a port number.  NIO addresses are assigned by an
address server during initialization; port numbers are assigned locally
whenever a new port is opened.  Media Net addresses should never be
manipulated directly.  They should only be manipulated through routines
described here.
.LP
The character string representation of a Media Net address takes the form:
.LP
.nf
.RS
a.b.c.d
.RE
.fi
.LP
where the letters a-d are replaced by decimal values ranging from zero
to 65535.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnxAddr(3), mnars(8).
