.TH mnListen 3 "31 August 1994"
.SH NAME
mnListen - listen for a connection
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <mn.h>
#include <mnt.h>
.LP
sb4 mnListen(mnp *port, ub4 timeout, mnHandler handler,
	void *usrp);
.SH DESCRIPTION
mnListen() listens for a connection request.  port must be a port
created with the stream protocol.  A connection request is
initiated with mnConnect(3).
.LP
mnListen() may be invoked in a synchronous or asynchronous manner
using handler and usrp.  The listen operation is said to be completed
when a connection request arrives.  If a connection request is
already pending when the operation is queued, it will complete
immediately.  If timeout is non-zero, the operation will be aborted
after timeout milliseconds elapses if no connection request arrives.
.LP
mnListen() does not consume a connection request.  mnAccept(3)
must be called to do this.
.SH RESULT VALUES
On successful completion of the operation, the result status will
be the number of connection requests pending.  Otherwise, one of
the following errors may be reported:
.TP 20
MNERR_TIMEOUT
No connection request arrived before the timeout elapsed.
.TP 20
MNERR_WOULDBLOCK
No connection request was available and the port is in a non-blocking
mode.
.SH RETURN VALUES
In synchronous mode, the routine itself will return either the
result of the operation as indicated above, or one of the following
additional errors:
.TP 20
MNSTS_ABORTED
The blocking operation was aborted.
.LP
In asynchronous mode, the routine itself will return 0 if the operation
is started.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnAccept(3), mnConnect(3), mnOpen(3), mnstr(4P).
