.TH mnrAddComp 3 "19 November 1994"
.SH NAME
mnrAddComp, mnrRemComp, mnrGetCompUsrp - manage components in a server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <mn.h>
#include <mnrs.h>
.LP
sb4 mnrAddComp(mnrs *sh, const mnrcd *cd, void *usrp);
.LP
sb4 mnrRemComp(mnrs *sh, const mnrid *cid);
.LP
void *mnrGetCompUsrp(mnrs *sh, const mnrid *cid);
.SH DESCRIPTION
sh is a server handle previously created with mnrCreateServer().
mnrAddComp() adds a new component descriptor to the server handle
and associates the usrp pointer with the component.
.LP
mnrRemComp() removes a component from the server handle.  This
component may be one that was given when the server handle was
first created or one that was subsequently added by mnrAddComp().
The component is identified by its unique component identifier.
.LP
mnrGetCompUsrp() allows the usrp pointer associated with a component
to be retrieved.  The component is identified by its unique component
identifier.  If the component is not part of the server handle, or
the component is one that was given when the server handle was first
created, a null pointer is returned.
.SH USAGE
mnrAddComp() is generally used by component libraries to add themselves
to the server's registered server handle.  Once a new component is added,
the server handle can now receive and properly dispatch calls to the
new component.
.SH RETURN VALUES
mnrAddComp() returns 0 on success; otherwise, it may return:
.TP 20
MNERR_DUPLICATE
Another component with the same component identifier is already part
of the server handle.
.TP 20
MNERR_OUTMEM
Insufficient resources were available to add the new component.
.LP
mnrRemComp() returns 0 on success; otherwise, it may return:
.TP 20
MNERR_NOTFOUND
The component identifier is not part of the server handle.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnrCreateServer(3), mnrpc_intro(3).
