.TH mnRead 3 "31 August 1994"
.SH NAME
mnRead - read data from a stream
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <mn.h>
#include <mnt.h>
.LP
sb4 mnRead(mnp *port, ub1 *buf, size_t len, boolean fill,
	ub4 timeout, mnHandler handler, void *usrp)
.SH DESCRIPTION
port is a connected port created with the stream protocol.
mnRead() reads up to len bytes of data into the buffer pointed to by buf.
.LP
mnRead() may be invoked in a synchronous or asynchronous manner
using handler and usrp.  In either case, the buffer passed in by
the application must remain valid until the operation completes.
.LP
If no data is pending, mnRead() normally blocks until data arrives,
unless the port has been placed into a non-blocking mode (see
mnSetOptions(3)).  If more data is available than there is space
for in the buffer, that data will be returned beginning the next
read.  No data is lost.
.LP
The read operation is said to be completed as soon as some amount
of data is transferred to the user buffer.  If fill is TRUE, the
operation will not complete until either exactly len bytes of data
have been read or the end of the stream is reached.  If data is
already pending, the operation will complete immediately.  If timeout
is non-zero, the operation will be aborted after timeout milliseconds
elapses if no data arrives.
.SH RESULT VALUES
On successful completion of the operation, the result status will be
the number of bytes read.  If fill is TRUE and the number of bytes
read is less than the initial value of len, then the end of the
stream has been reached or the operation was aborted.  One of the
following errors may also be reported:
.TP 20
MNERR_BROKEN
Communication with the sender failed.
.TP 20
MNSTS_EOS
The end of the stream has been reached.  No more data is available.
.TP 20
MNERR_TIMEOUT
No data arrived before the timeout has elapsed.
.TP 20
MNERR_WOULDBLOCK
No data was available and the port is in a non-blocking mode.
.SH RETURN VALUES
In synchronous mode, the routine itself will return the
result of the operation as indicated above, or one of the following
additional errors:
.TP 20
MNSTS_ABORTED
No data has been read and the blocking operation was aborted.
.LP
In asynchronous mode, the routine itself will return 0 if the operation
stated.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnOpen(3), mnWrite(3), mnstr(4P).
