.TH mnrFindServer 3 "31 August 1994"
.SH NAME
mnrFindServer - locate a server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <mn.h>
#include <mnrc.h>
.LP
mnrb *mnrFindServer(const char *name, const mnrid *progid);
.SH DESCRIPTION
A binding handle is used when calling an RPC server to indicate which
server to call.  mnrFindServer() returns a binding handle that refers
to a particular server.  Once a binding handle is created, it may
be used repeatedly.  It may be freed with mnrFreeHandle(3).
.LP
mnrFindServer() can look up a server by name or by name and program
identifier.  If no program identifier is given (progid is null), then
a server is found by name only.  If more than one server with the same
name exists, the binding handle created will point to the latest version
of the server.
.LP
If a program identifier is specified, then the entry found must match
the name and program identifier.  This allows a specific version of a
server to be located.  Program identifiers are used to guarantee that
the interface the client assumes matches the one that the server is
actually providing.
.SH RETURN VALUES
On success, this routine returns a binding handle which identifies
the selected server.  On failure, it returns null and mnLastError()
will indicate one of the following errors:
.TP 20
MNERR_BROKEN
Communication with the name server failed.
.TP 20
MNERR_NOTFOUND
The indicated server was not found.
.TP 20
MNERR_OUTMEM
Sufficient resources could not be allocated.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnLastError(3), mnrCall(3), mnrFreeHandle(3), mnrMakeHandle(3), mznm(8).
