.TH mnrReturnCall 3 "19 November 1994"
.SH NAME
mnrReturnCall - reply to an RPC call
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <mn.h>
#include <mnrs.h>
.LP
sb4 mnrReturnCall(mnrsc *call, mnbv *outargs,
	ub4 outcnt, mnHandler handler, void *usrp);
.SH DESCRIPTION
call is a call handle obtained from mnrGetNextCall().  mnrReturnCall()
will return the user arguments described by outargs and outcnt to the
client.  This routine must be called even if no reply was expected by
the client.  In that case, outargs may be null.
.LP
This operation may be performed asynchronously by providing either
a handler or a semaphore through the handler and usrp arguments.
.LP
The call handle and all resources associated with it (including the
buffers containing the inbound arguments) are destroyed by this
routine.
.SH RESULT VALUES
On successful completion of the operation, the result status will be
a non-negative integer.  Otherwise, one of the following errors may
be reported:
.TP 20
MNERR_BROKEN
Communication with the client failed.  This will cause the client-based
context (if any) to be run down.
.SH RETURN VALUES
In synchronous mode, the routine itself will return either the result
of the operation as indicated above, or one of the following additional
errors:
.TP 20
MNERR_OUTMEM
Sufficient resources could not be allocated.
.TP 20
MNSTS_ABORTED
The blocking operation was aborted.
.LP
In asynchronous mode, the routine itself will return 0 if the operation
is successfully started, or
.TP 20
MNERR_OUTMEM
Sufficient resources could not be allocated.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnrGetNextCall(3).
