.TH mnSetSndBuf 3 "31 August 1994"
.SH NAME
mnSetSndBuf, mnSetRcvBuf - configure the send and receive buffers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <mn.h>
.LP
sb4 mnSetSndBuf(ub4 sz);
.LP
sb4 mnSetRcvBuf(ub4 sz);
.SH DESCRIPTION
mnSetSndBuf() and mnSetRcvBuf() may be used to set the size of the
send buffer and receive buffer respectively.  During initialization,
Media Net reserves a certain amount of space to be used for buffering
packets to be sent and packets that were received.  By default, the
total amount of space available is divided evenly.  However, if the
application sends much more data than it receives, or receives much
more data than it sends, then the sizes of these buffers may be
adjusted to more reflect that.
.LP
To adjust the buffers, first one buffer must be set down to a smaller
size, before the other buffer can be enlarged.
.LP
If a fixed-size heap is being used, then a minimum of ten percent
of the total size of the heap should be left for internal use that
is neither send buffer space or receive buffer space.
.LP
If a fixed-size heap is not being used, then it may still be appropriate
to call these routines to limit the total amount of memory Media Net
will consume when sending or receiving large quantities of data.
.SH RETURN VALUES
On success, these routines return 0.  Otherwise, they may return
one of the following errors:
.TP 20
MNERR_OUTMEM
There is insufficient memory to enlarge the buffer.
.TP 20
MNERR_ALREADY
The buffer cannot be reduced because too much of it is already in use.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnInit(3).
