.TH mnWrite 3 "31 August 1994"
.SH NAME
mnWrite - write to a stream
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <mn.h>
#include <mnt.h>
.LP
sb4 mnWrite(mnp *port, ub1 *buf, size_t len);
.SH DESCRIPTION
port is a connected port created with the stream protocol.
mnWrite() writes len bytes of data pointed to by buf through the
connected port.
.LP
If insufficient buffer space is available to queue the write, this
routine will normally block until space becomes available, unless the
port has been placed into a non-blocking mode, in which case some
amount of data less than the total will be written.  The return value
should be noted and the operation tried again.
.LP
mnWrite() returns as soon as the data is buffered.  It may not actually
be sent until some time later.  mnClose() will send all data that is
still waiting to be sent.
.SH RETURN VALUES
On success, mnWrite() returns the number of bytes that were buffered.
This may be less than the total number of bytes attempted if buffer
space was insufficient or the operation was aborted.  If so, the
value should be noted, and the operation tried again.  Otherwise, one
of the following errors may be reported:
.TP 20
MNERR_BROKEN
Commnunication with the destination failed.
.TP 20
MNERR_BADADDR
The to address to which this port was connected is invalid.
.TP 20
MNERR_BADPROTO
The to address to which this port was connected identifies a port
using a different protocol.
.TP 20
MNERR_DISCONN
The peer has disconnected from the stream.  There is no one to
read the data being written.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnAccept(3), mnConnect(3), mnOpen(3), mnRead(3), mnstr(4P).
