.TH mznBind 3 "31 August 1994"
.SH NAME
mznBind, mznFind, mznUnbind - manage named ports
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <mn.h>
#include <mzn.h>
.LP
sb4 mznBind(mnp *port, const char *name);
.LP
sb4 mznFind(mna *addr, const char *name);
.LP
sb4 mznUnbind(mnp *port);
.SH DESCRIPTION
port is a port handle returned from mnOpen(3).  mznBind() binds name
to port.  The name is registered with the name server along with the
Media Net address of the port.  The given name must be unique within
the cell.
.LP
mznUnbind() removes the name registered with mznBind() from the name
server.  If the port was not registered, this routine has no effect.
mznUnbind() is automatically performed on all bound ports by mnTerm(3).
.LP
mznFind() may be used to locate a named port previously registered
with mznBind().  The Media Net address of the named port is written
to addr.
.SH USAGE
Named ports facilitate constructing clients and servers that are not
using Media Net RPC by providing access to the name server for ports.
.LP
The name passed to mznBind() is not copied; only the pointer is saved.
Therefore, it must continue to point to valid storage until mznUnbind()
is called.
.SH RETURN VALUES
On success, these routines return 0.  Otherwise, one of the following
errors will be returned:
.TP 20
MNERR_BROKEN
Communication with the name server failed.
.TP 20
MNERR_DUPLICATE
Duplicate entry; the indicated name is already registered.
.TP 20
MNERR_NOTFOUND
The indicated name was not found.
.TP 20
MNERR_ALREADY
The port has already been named.
.TP 20
MNERR_OUTMEM
Sufficient resources could not be allocated.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnOpen(3), mznm(8).
