
Read_Me file for Hewlett-Packard printers.
------------------------------------------

The HP.DJ500C printer definition file is for use
with the HP DeskJet 500C and the HP PaintJet XL300
 
The HP.DJ550C printer definition file is for use
with the HP DeskJet 550C, and the HP DeskJet 1200C.
Note that if you have the HP DeskJet 1200C/PS (ie
the PostScript add-on for the 1200C), you should
use the PostScript printer driver instead and enable
the colour option in the configuration window.
The HP.DJ550C may also work with the HP PaintJet
XL300, in which case it is preferrable to the
HP.DJ500C file due to 4 ink colour processing.

The HP.DJ560C file is for use with the HP DeskJet
560C. This provides the same capabilities as the
HP.DJ550C file.

The HP.DeskJet file is for use with HP DeskJet
printers and similar compatibles.

The HP.DeskJet+ file is for use with HP DeskJet
Plus printers and similar compatibles eg. Olivetti
JP 150 and JP 350, HP DeskJet Professional, HP
DeskJet 500, HP DeskJet 510, 520 etc.

The HP.PaintJet file is for use with the HP
PaintJet, PaintJet XL and other PaintJet
compatible printers, eg Integrex ColourJet 2000.
This file should NOT be used with the PaintJet
XL300 and XL330 printers.

The HP.LasJet-II printer definition file is for
use with the HP LaserJet II printers.

The HP.LasJet-III file is for use with HP LaserJet
series III printers and similar compatibles eg.
Star LaserPrinter 4, Star LaserPrinter 8III, HP
LaserJet IIP.

The HP.LasJet-4 file is for use with the HP
LaserJet 4 series printers, including the HP
LaserJet 4L, 4ML, 4P, 4MP, 4, 4M, 4Si and 4Si/MX.
It is the same as the HP.LasJet-III file with
three exceptions:

 * there is a 600DPI graphics entry. This should
   only be used if the printer itself supports
   600DPI graphics (ie not the 4L and 4ML). Note
   that it requires 4 times as much memory to
   render than a 300DPI page so printing times
   will be increased.

 * the printer's LinePrinter font is used for
   Landscape text printing. This avoids a problem
   caused by the Courier font size being too
   large.

 * In the graphics modes, the "Page start" string
   has been used to move the initial print
   position and hence allow smaller paper offsets.
   As a result, a default paper size of "A4
   (LaserJet 4)" is selected.

The difference between most of these files is
minor: the LasJet-II file has the multiple copies
command enabled, the DeskJet+ file has the
compression facility enabled,  the LasJet-III file
has both multiple copies and compression enabled,
and the DeskJet file has neither of these enabled.
You should make your choice of which file to use
on which of these two facilities your printer
supports. In all other respects the four files are
functionally identical. This does not however mean
that the results will be the same on all printers.

For graphics the results should be the same,
except that printing will be faster if compression
is in use. For text printing there could be
significant variation in the results. It all
depends on what font heights, pitches and styles
your printer supports. The full range of heights
and pitches are specified in the definition files
for both Portrait and Landscape mode to obtain all
the features of fancy text printing. If however
your printer does not have the requested font
style, then the printer will select the best
approximation it has. Thus for example expanded
text (6 characters per inch) does not come out as
expanded on the LaserJet II, because the widest
text the LaserJet II has is 10 characters per
inch. Installing a Courier font card may improve
the situation, if it has some of the sizes
requested on it. 6, 10, 12 and 17 CPI are the
pitches used, and 12 and 8.4 point (for
superscript and subscript) are the heights used in
Portrait mode. In Landscape mode the corresponding
pitches are 8.5, 14, 17 and 24 CPI and the heights
used are 8.5 and 6 point. Italic style is missing
from some printers, the Olivetti JP 150 and JP 350
do not do underlining in Landscape mode, and no
printer seems to support the Light print weight.
Sometimes text will come out in a Typeface other
than Courier eg. Landscape text on the LaserJet II
comes out in the Line Printer typeface. This is
because the Typeface is last on the list of
priorities for the best match algorithm - it deems
getting the size right more important.

Most of the ISO Latin 1 international characters
are obtained by telling the printer to change to
the ISO Latin 1 (ECMA-94) symbol set. The few
characters that cannot be obtained in this manner
(characters 128 to 159) have mappings defined for
them. Character 160 (non-breaking space) is mapped
to a standard space as some printers (eg. Star
LaserPrinter 8III) consider character 160 to be
invalid.

Not all of the control sequences are held in the
printer definition file for LaserJet printers, for
technical reasons. For text printing, most of the
control sequences are in the file. The control
sequences for manual feed, auto feed and paper
tray size selection are in lj.Resources.Messages.
The location of the lj directory depends on whether
!Printers is disc or ROM based. It is unlikely that
you will need to modify the control sequences in
the Messages file. If you do have to, refer to the
section on updating !Printers, in the general
printing Read_Me (Printing.Printers.Read_Me).

For graphics printing, all of the control
sequences are held in the  PDumperLJ module, but
the "Page start" string will be taken from the
printer definition file if it is present. You can
control whether or not the multiple copies command
is supported and whether or not compression is
supported with !PrintEdit, and that is all.

If you have a LaserJet II, IID or IIID with a
PostScript card fitted, you should be able to use
the PostScript printer definitions LJ_II_PS,
LJ_IID_PS and LJ_IIID_PS as appropriate.

The HP.LasJet4-PS printer definition file is for
use with HP LaserJet 4 series 600 DPI printers in
PostScript mode, including the HP LaserJet 4MP,
4M, 4Si/MX and the HP LaserJet 4P, 4 and 4Si with
PostScript upgrades fitted. The only difference
from the Generic.PostScript file (apart from the
removal of colour) is that the printer is
specified as being a 600 DPI printer. This does
not however cause the printer to switch to 600 DPI
PostScript automatically (unlike in LaserJet mode)
hence 600 DPI should be selected on the printer's
control panel. In practice, it's not that
important, since the PostScript printer drivers do
not take much notice of the resolution. PostScript
printing at 600 DPI requires a lot of memory in
the printer for holding the image of the page. It
is recommended that the printer have at least 6
megabytes of memory if 600 DPI PostScript is to be
used.

For the HP LaserJet 4ML printer use the PostScript
file (do not select colour) since the printer
cannot print at 600 DPI. Also if the other
LaserJet 4 series printers are used for PostScript
at 300 DPI then they too should use the PostScript
file.
