
Read_Me file for IBM printers.
------------------------------

The "IBM.Pro-X24E" printer definition file uses
features which mean it will not work on some of
the early IBM printers. It uses ESC "[g" graphics
commands to perform 24 pin dumps, ESC "d" to
perform leading zero suppression and ESC "[\" to
switch the vertical units to 1/180 inch instead of
1/216 inch. The use of these codes for the
graphics resolutions means that this printer
definition file will not work with the IBM
Graphics Printer, Proprinter, Proprinter II and
Proprinter XL. ISO Latin 1 text printing uses ESC
"[T" to switch to code page 850 (Multilingual)
which allows accurate text printing of almost all
ISO Latin 1 characters.

If you have a very new IBM compatible printer
which can do 48 pin graphics using ESC "[g", you
may be able to use the "Canon.BubbleJet" printer
definition file. This is the same as the
"IBM.Pro-X24E" file except that it provides 360
DPI vertical resolution graphics modes (non
interlaced) and the 360 DPI horizontal definitions
are non interlaced.  

The "IBM.4019/17" and "IBM.4019/39" printer
definition files are for the IBM LaserPrinter
(PostScript), containing 17 fonts and 39 fonts
respectively.

The "IBM.4216" printer definition file is for the
IBM Personal Pageprinter (PostScript).
