
Read_Me file for NEC printers.
------------------------------

The "NEC.P6-Plus" printer definition file is for
use with the NEC P6 Plus and NEC compatible 24 pin
printers. Most of the graphics resolutions are 24
pin dumps. The 360 DPI vertical resolution
graphics dumps are interlaced and as such require
the support of the FS "3" <n> control sequence to
set n/360  inch line pitch. Note that colour
printing should only be selected if you have
installed a colour ribbon in your NEC P6 Plus -
the ribbon that comes with the NEC P6 Plus is
black only. ISO Latin 1 text characters are
obtained by using ESC "t" 1 and ESC "6" to select
IBM character set 2 instead of italic characters
for the top bit set printer characters. In
addition ESC "R" <n> sequences are used to print
some of the characters.

The "NEC.P6-Plus" file will in fact work with many
Epson compatible 24 pin printers, with the
exception of the 360 DPI vertical resolution
graphics modes which use the NEC specific command.

Colour printing is available at all supported
resolutions, but it should be noted that the
interlaced graphics printouts ie. 180 by 360 DPI
or higer, result in a large number of print head
passes (8 or 16) over the same line on the paper
and on the second or subsquent interlace passes,
the light ribbon colours are printed on top of
dark colours already on the paper. This may cause
contamination of the lighter ribbon colour.
