                   !Verify

To start Verify, double click on the !Verify icon.
The application starts immediately.

Once you've started Verify, the desktop will
disappear and be replaced by a blank screen with
the following :

  Verify which drive ?

You will need to identify which drive should be
verified by entering the number of the drive you
wish to verify. Your main drive is drive 4 and if
fitted, your second drive is drive 5. Remember to
press the enter key after typing the drive number.

For example :

  Verify which drive ? 5

Verify will then start to verify the hard disc,
this is indicated by :

  Verifying..

The verify process will take several minutes to
complete.

If there are no defects, Verify will report :

  Verifying..

  0 defects found

  Press SPACE or click mouse to continue

Press the space bar or click a mouse button to
return to the desktop.

If there are defects, Verify will report the
address of the defect, the output will look like
this :

  Verifying..

  00000000008BF800: Disc error 13 at :5/00000000008BF800
  000000000398D800: Disc error 13 at :5/000000000398D800 already mapped out
  00000000051FC000: Disc error 13 at :5/00000000051FC000
  3 defects found

  Press SPACE or click mouse to continue

NOTE: You will need to record the disc address of
defects that have not been mapped out before
pressing the space bar or click a mouse button to
return to the desktop. You do not need to include
the leading zeros (i.e. 8BF800 rather than
00000000008BF800).

In this example, the defect at &398D800 does not
need to be mapped out because this defect had been
mapped out previously. The other defects should be
mapped out using the *DEFECT command for each
defect.


Removing Disc Defects
---------------------

The Appendix "Removing a disc defect" has more
information on mapping out defects. A brief
summary follows.

From the desktop press F12, a star appears bottom
left of the screen. In this example, the following
should be entered to map out the defects :

  *DEFECT :5  8BF800
  *DEFECT :5  51FC000

where the :5 is the drive number and the other
number is the address of the defect.

Press the Return key to return to the desktop.


Defects on Conner CFS541A, CFS1081A and CFS1621A Disc Drives
------------------------------------------------------------

Desktop Verify and *Verify will incorrectly report
addresses of defects on some disc drives including
the Conner drives above. Defects addresses when
attempting to access a file will be reported
correctly.

The utility !Verify in the Diversions.Tools
directory can be used instead of *Verify or
Desktop Verify and the addresses reported will be
correct on both the above Conner drives and other
drives shipped by Acorn.


For Advanced Users Only
-----------------------

With most hard disc drives the *Verify command,
makes several attempts to read a potentially
defective sector. Each failed attempt is indicated
by a "?". After several failed attempts the sector
is reported as a defect. With the drives listed
above and possibly other drives, *Verify will only
report the error once (i.e. with only one "?").
The address that both *Verify and the desktop
Verify menu option report are incorrect. The
incorrect addresses are &200 too high. Thus if
*Verify or the desktop Verify reports a defect at
address DiscAddress you should map it out with :

  *Defect <Disc spec.> <DiscAddress-&200>

For Example

Result from *Verify

    Verifying...

    00123400 ?

Required *DEFECT command

    *DEFECT :4  123200
